Author: Jessica Lester
THE Islanders are set to be horrified by a shock dumping in tonight's episode, leaving single Will Young vulnerable. 
The reality stars have to gather round the firepit at the start of the show, before the dramatic announcement of who will be first to leave the South African villa. 
Since the first 
 coupling on Monday, there's been plenty of drama to suggest the dynamics might change. 
Despite originally coupling up with Shaq Muhammed, Tanya Manhenga has since found an interest in one other boy. 
, has enjoyed a connection with David Salako - with the pair enjoying a kiss in last night's steamy challenge. 
Elsewhere, 
 has been busy getting to know both Kai Fagan and Ron Hall - giving her two boys to pick from. 
But new bombshell 
 also has her eyes on hunks Kai, 24, and Ron, 25. 
Meanwhile, single boy Will Young has been busy trying to find a girl to couple up with to avoid going home. 
The TikTok farmer had failed to impress the girls after the first coupling - and is at risk of going home tonight. 
The tense show will see the last girl have to make a decision between the two boys left standing. 
But who will be coupling up - and who will leave the villa?
It comes after it was revealed that 
Jessie Wynter, who blew the Australian version of the show apart in 2019, is one of the girls who could join the Islanders.
During her time she coupled up with four different men and became an Aussie 
 legend with her one-liners.
Also a frontrunner to join the show is male model Aaron Waters - who reached the final in 2020 with fiery Jess. 
Other epic Aussie Islanders in the mix include Anna McEvoy, Matthew Zukowski, Zoe Clish and Ryan Reid while Americans could also join.
Ryan was one of Aaron's pals in the season three villa, which was filmed in Byron Bay, Queensland in Australia.
And Zoe made the final with her soon-to-be-boyfriend Chris Graudins but they later split outside the villa.
The sizzling duo have been flown over 10,000 miles to cause mayhem in Cape Town and will be seen on screen for the first time tonight.
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy