Author: Lucy Murgatroyd
GEMMA Collins has given a glimpse inside her £1.3m Essex mansion. 
The 41-year-old revealed the happy news that she finally bought her 
 in January 2021.
Gemma snapped up a glass-fronted, 
 for an eye-watering £1.3m after 
.
Since moving into the property, she has slowly been adding her touch to it and loves sharing snaps and videos on Instagram.
Last year Gemma told The Sun that she is eyeing up a bigger second home because her £1.3million mansion is "full to the brim".
The reality queen has said buying a second home is now on her bucket list as she prepares to try for a baby with fiancé Rami Hawash.
And the 
 star, who recently 
, said: "To be honest with you I will get married but it’s not a rush, it’s just a bit of paper at the end of the day.
"I know people who have been together for years, then lasted six months. I’ve got other priorities.
"The baby is more important at the minute. I need to buy a new house, I’m already bursting out of my Essex home.
"I need to move house, or find another house before I get married. It is already filled up to the rafters. So I think I will."
As soon as Gemma moved in she started buying bits for her new home.
In one video the star showed off a huge sparkly horse and hinted that she plans on getting a real one in the future. 
"Until I get the real thing, this has to do. It's soooo beautiful in my house," she told her 2.1million followers.
Another video showed two adorable Miffy rabbit lamps placed next to one of her birthday cards from her 
 earlier this month. 
She captioned the post: "I love the Miffy."
Gemma's mission to find herself the perfect property hasn't been easy.
In 2020 the bubbly blonde 
 on her show Diva On Lockdown when her previous house sale fell through.
The star was so happy that she had finally found her perfect home and was thinking about all the things she was going to do with it once it was all finally hers. 
But things took a turn for the worst when the sale crashed. 
She decided to move in with her brother 
 for the rest of lockdown and continued to film her popular ITVBe show. 
 
 
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy