Author: Holly Christodoulou
TERROR cops arrested a man found with a suspected gun and bomb at a hospital sparking an evacuation.
The bomb squad and Army specialists swooped on St James’s Hospital in Leeds at around 5am today.
Cops arrested a 27-year-old man on suspicion of firearms and explosives offences.
He was found with a suspected firearm as well as a suspicious device in the hospital grounds and remains in custody.
Counter Terrorism Policing North East said officers stayed at the scene after the man was arrested but they don't believe there is any ongoing risk to public safety.
Enquiries are now underway to establish if there was any "potential motivation" for the man's actions.
Searches are also being carried out on a vehicle and a number of premises.
The horror unfolded this morning when patients were evacuated and told to move away from windows.
Leeds Teaching Hospitals Trust later confirmed visitors were being blocked from accessing Gledhow Wing.
The unit is where the majority of the maternity ward is held - including the delivery suite - as well as some respiratory and bereavement services.
But the A&E is still open and patients elsewhere in the hospital are being urged to attend appointments as normal unless told otherwise.
Counter Terrorism Policing North East said they working to establish the "full circumstances" surrounding the drama.
A statement added: "Counter Terrorism Policing North East has now taken responsibility for leading this investigation. 
"Extensive enquiries are underway to establish the full circumstances of the incident and any potential motivation.
"This is being treated as an isolated incident at this time.
"We ask that people continue to use alternative entrances to the hospital."


 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy