Author: Millie Turner
OVER 11million people have been unknowingly been part of an ad-fraud scheme, according to a report. 
Millions had their phones attacked by the 
 called Vastflux.
The attacked spoofed 1,700 
and targeted 120 publishers, Wired first reported. 
running the operation were making requests for an eyewatering 12billion ads per day. 
Cyber firm Human Security uncovered the organised attack.
Interestingly, the hackers were not trying to hijack an entire phone or app, but instead just one ad slot - in which it embedded 
 after winning the auction for that ad space.
The code meant that one advert would multiply into as many as 25 video ads beneath the surface - but show just one on the top. 
It made the ad look just like any other. 
But actually the fraudsters were raking in the cash from a huge number of advertisements, but only showing a handful of them to tech users.
iOS devices, such as 
 and 
, were impacted the most, according to Marion Habiby, a data scientist at Human Security. 
Unfortunately, there is little way of consumers knowing which apps were being used as vessels by the hackers. 
But experts warned smartphone users to watch out for unexplained jumps in data usage or having the phone's screen turn on at random times. 
They also suggested keep an eye on the performance of an app and whether it slows down suddenly or crashes frequently.
Luckily, consumers themselves were not the target and were not left out of pocket. 
And in even better news, the hackers have seemingly shut off their operation after Human Security worked with the organisations who had been victims of the fraud. 
Looking for tips and hacks for your phone? Want to find those secret features within social media apps? We have you covered...
Get all the latest 
, 
, 
 and other tech gadget stories here.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy