Author: John Hutchinson
The 21-year-old burst onto the Stamford Bridge scene and his form earned him a call-up for Scotland at 
.
He was the star man as Scotland held England to a goalless draw at Wembley at the Euros, but was ruled out of the rest of tournament after 
.
Last season Gilmour was on loan at Norwich City and he made a summer move to Brighton on a permanent basis.
But, during lockdown, 
 fans were shocked to learn he wore a Reds shirt.
When asked if he wears a jersey of another team, the teenager told the 
 in 2020: "It was probably 
’s Liverpool shirt when I swapped with him after the recent FA Cup game.
"I wear that sometimes at the moment, just out in the garden playing football."
It won't be the first time the footballer has got stick for his clothing of choice.
SunSport reported how 
 - but he has insisted he saw the funny side after seeing his face on billboards.
Speaking to Jamie Redknapp on the Sky Football Show about how it came about, he said: "My agent phoned and he was just saying, 'I got a phone call from Burberry and they were asking if you'd like to do modelling?' So my dad phoned me and asked what I'd think doing modelling. I'm giving it a bit saying 'of course' and bantering with him.
"I then got a phone call from my agent saying, 'we're meeting up tomorrow with Burberry'. I said, 'Why's that?' and he said 'You're modelling for them, did your dad not say?'
 
"I said, 'I thought he was kidding on! I ended up doing a couple of modelling shoots for Burberry! It was good, something different, but I got a bit of stick.
"It's funny, I was going home one of the times in Heathrow or Gatwick airport and the Burberry shop is there. I was walking to my flight and I come up on the billboard!
"I just took a picture of it and sent it to my dad and started laughing. It was brilliant."
 Conte 'to quit Spurs at end of season with club not offering him new deal'
 Man Utd Treble winner looks unrecognisable with huge beard as he poses with beer
 Victoria Beckham gets wrapped up in David's coat while watching Romeo
 Defoe dumped partner called Donna and their dog to date wife Donna
&copy