Author: Mared Parry
DANI Dyer has recently announced that she and partner Jarrod Bowen are expecting twins together, and that she's both "excited and scared".
The 26-year-old shared the amazing news on Friday evening with her 3.6 million Instagram followers.
She and West Ham footballer partner Jarrod, 26, wrote in a collaborative post: "We have been keeping a little secret...
"Our little TWINS. So excited to meet our babies."
Former Love Island winner Dani also has two-year-old son Santiago from a previous relationship, and added that she's excited to: "watch Santi be the best big brother."
The couple continued: "The biggest surprise of our lives but feeling SO blessed.
"Our family is getting a lot bigger and we can’t wait."
The post has since gained just under 600,000 likes from friends, fans and family, with thousands rushing to comment their congratulations.
On Saturday, Dani took to her Instagram Stories to thank everyone for the messages.
She posted a snap of herself and son Santi on the sofa, showing off her growing bump.
The star captioned the snap: "Thank you all so so much for your kind messages and support.
"Means the world to us."
Dani added: "We are so excited (and scared) haha.
"Love you all happy Saturday."
Only last week the reality TV star had posted a series of snaps with Santi which had already raised eyebrows among fans.
Dani captioned the post: "Matching with mummy.
"(Getting a photo with an almost 2 year old is basically impossible😂) happy weekend."
Both she and Santi were wearing khaki green tops, and had the same exact 
One of the snaps suggested Dani might have a bit of a bump, and that was enough to send the fans into a frenzy.
An excited fan commented: "Have you got a bun in the oven? 😍"
Another wrote: "What did I miss?!!! When did she get pregnant?!!!! What?!!!"
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy