Author: Tom Hussey
TWO people have died and 12 were injured following a horror crash on the M40 this morning.
Emergency services - including an air ambulance - charged to the scene between junctions four and five at around 8.15am, as Britain was gripped by freezing fog.
Two people were sadly pronounced dead following the serious collision near High Wycombe, Berks.
Two others were rushed to hospital with serious injuries while ten people sustained minor injuries and were treated at the scene by paramedics.
Some of the ten injured were also taken to hospital.
The road was closed in both directions following the horror, but the northbound carriageway later reopened at around 11.30am.
The southbound carriageway remains closed and will be for a "considerable time today", National Highways said.
A diversion is in place on the M40 southbound near the scene.
Thames Valley Police are now investigating the incident between High Wycombe and Stokenchurch.
It came after Britain was 
 which saw the Met Office issue a yellow weather warning for fog - which ended at 11am.
The Met Office warned some untreated surfaces "could turn icy" during the chill but is not known if weather was a cause of the collision.
Freezing fog and icy roads came as the mercury spiralled to -9.7C in Benson, 
, last night.
A spokesperson for Thames Valley Police told The Sun Online: "Officers attended a report of an RTC involving multiple vehicles at around 8.15am today.
"Sadly two people have died. Their next of kin has been informed."
A spokesperson for South Central Ambulance Service said: “We sent multiple resources to this incident which included three ambulances, our hazardous area response team...
"And an air ambulance and car, as well as a number of ambulance officers and paramedic team leaders to support.
“We treated a number of casualties at the scene, with some conveyed to various hospitals for further treatment."
Cops are appealing for witnesses and dash cam footage to get in touch by calling 101 or online, quoting reference 43230032159.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy