Author: Kevin Quinitchett
THE YOUNGEST of the Kardashian-Jenner clan is also a mother to her own children.
Like her older siblings 
, 
, 
, and 
, makeup maven 
 started her journey in motherhood after announcing her 
 in 2017 with her on-and-off again partner - Travis Scott.
Kylie Jenner and Travis Scott have two children together. 
The reality mogul and Travis share their first child, daughter 
.
Kylie gave birth to Stormi on February 1 of 2018, after she decided to 
for the full term.
Kylie announced 
 on September 7, 2021, around the five-month mark. She later 
 on February 2, 2022. 
After announcing the birth of her second child, Kylie and Travis revealed that their 
. 
However, weeks later on March 21, the reality star revealed to her followers on Instagram that she intended to 
 from Wolf to something else.
Kylie wrote: "FYI our son's name isn't Wolf anymore.
"We just really didn't feel like it was him. Just wanted to share because I keep seeing Wolf everywhere."
Social media sleuths alleged that the makeup millionaire decided to change her son's name 
 with fitness model 
, who also has a son named Wolf. 
The subject of the name change was brought up again during 
 on Extra TV.
The youngest Kardashian told Katie: "We just haven't fully legally changed it yet, so I don't want to announce a new name and then change it again.
"We're just not ready to share a new name yet."
While Kylie might have announced the decision in March 2022, she did not reveal her son's new name until January 21, 2023. 
Kylie took to Instagram once again to share the first photos of her baby boy and announce that 
.
Kylie and Travis were first spotted together at Coachella in 2017. Since then, they have had an on and off again relationship.  
After rekindling their love in 2020, they reportedly 
. 
“Kylie and Travis are off again, they were supposed to spend the holidays together, but she went to Aspen to be with her family and friends up there,” a source told 
. 
Despite the alleged split, the source added that they "remain friends" and are "great coparents."
“This has happened so many times before, they’re known to be on again off again, but always remain friends and great coparents," the source added.
At this time, it is unclear why the couple parted ways. 
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy