Author: Jorge Hinojosa Mena
DRIVERS are being warned about driving mistakes that could invalidate their insurance.
and temperatures set to plummet, icy conditions can have a big impact on people’s driving. 
Experts at 
have come up with five driving mistakes that could invalidate your insurance.
The first one is not leaving your car unattended whilst it defrosts.
We have teamed up with 7days Performance to offer you a special discounted chance to win the amazing cars this week.
Using the code SUN10, you will get 10p off the normal price of 99p.
This might seem like a quick way to warm your car up without you having to freeze inside it, but “frost jacking” will mean that criminals have a better chance of stealing your car. 
It's also essential to clean all snow off the roof, windows and number plates.
This is a pretty common mistake and could result in your insurance becoming invalid as well as you receiving a fine.
Leaving snow on your roof can be a hazard as the snow may fall off and obscure your vision or that of another motorist, especially when braking or driving at a heightened speed.
Plus drivers should make sure that they have cleaned all windows and lights.
Every glass panel that is used needs to be scrubbed of ice and condensation to ensure you are within the law.
The experts also say that you should never put hot water on your windscreen.
Whilst this might seem like a quick hack to get you out and about, it might actually cause small cracks to appear, which can weaken the glass.
And drivers should always check their tyres before they drive, as driving in wet and snowy conditions can affect the tread pattern of your tyres.
If you have a lower tread depth, your braking performance will decrease.
You have a higher chance of causing an accident if your tyres are below the legal limit.
Drivers can be fined for this unless they are en route to having them replaced.
Matthew Stokes, Specialists Insurance manager from Motorcycle Insurance, said: "Driving in winter is challenging for many, and it’s unsurprising it can knock someone’s confidence when even a little ice or snow surfaces."
"Whilst it is not illegal to drive in bad weather, drivers can have their policies suspended due to a number of reasons, including leaving a car unattended whilst switched on or forgetting to clean the snow off the windscreen, number plate and roof. 
"With cold weather and snow predicted this winter, people should be very careful if they have to venture out in bad weather and should only do so if absolutely necessary."
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy