Author: Keira Clarke
IF you're looking to do a little home makeover, you don't need to splash out.
As long you're willing to get into a little DIY you might be surprised just how much of a difference you can make in your home.
 is a fashion and lifestyle influencer on Instagram. 
In a recent
 online Sydney shared how she upgraded her bathroom lighting with some under cabinet remote control lights. 
She said: “POV: you get these rechargeable lights from Amazon that upgrade your bathroom x 1000.”
Sydney said: “Watch our bathroom go from a 7 to a 10/10 lighting is *everything* and upgrades the whole mood!!! I soooo recommend & love that they’re remote controlled and rechargeable. So good.”
Sydney showed the before and after as the lights transformed her dark looking bathroom. 
Sydney added to the lights to her bathroom cabinets and shows there an easy sticky tab so all you have to do is stick them on. 
Sydney spaces each light evenly along her cabinets. 
The Ezvalo puck lights are selling for £36 for a pack of three on Amazon. 
They are powered by rechargeable batteries and come with a remote control so you can adjust the lighting. 
They look great under your counter but also work well in closets and wardrobes. 
Ordinarily, if you wanted to brighten up your kitchen by installing under-cabinet lighting, you can expect the project to cost between £200 and £265 per light installation. 
Factors like the total length of your cabinets, how many fixtures, and desired brightness will influence the project cost.
And, of course, any under cabinet lighting installation will also see your energy bills go up.
Sydney’s genius hack seems to be a winner though as it gained over 987,00 views. 
One commenter said: “Not a bad Idea, but I would use something that doesn't have to be recharged.”
A second commenter said: “Wow those are so cute and pretty.”
Another commenter said: “They work amazingly in closets too.”
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 I’m a gypsy girl & never go to the toilet in our caravans, it has a different use
 Multi-millionaire on Rich House Poor House pays broke man £50k a year
&copy