Author: Isabelle Barker
THE Unai Emery era at Aston Villa is alive and kicking. 
The
 became the first 
 manager to win his first three away games in charge of the club since John Gregory in 1998.
’ 77th minute winner meant the West Midlanders have now clocked up a staggering 16 points since Emery’s first game.
You couldn’t help but feel for struggling Saints who had TWO goals disallowed at St Mary’s. 
The first was a Kyle Walker-Peters tap due to being offside and then 
 was denied in the second-half by VAR drama. 
The first incident involved Che Adams scooping up a mouth-watering ball in from Lyanco and scuffing a shot which rolled just towards goal. 
Kyle Walker-Peters then snaffled it up to make sure the ball was smashed home, but was offside - although replays actually showed Adams was just offside too. 
Aston Villa had their turn as a blistering passing sequence between Leon Bailey to Emiliano Buendia saw the Argentine sting the hands of Gavin Bazunu before Bailey blazed over the rebound.
Home fans were serenaded to a rendition of “Danny Ings, he left cos you’re s***”. 
Oh the irony just days after the striker jumped ship from Villa Park to 
 understood to be around £12m.
 (Ts&Cs apply)
And Saints were well in their right to sing it right back as both sides plodded through the first-half and cried out for a lethal hitman like Ings.
The most dramatic moment before the break was when play was stopped 
.
Players were taken off the pitch on the 42nd minute due to “safety” reasons the flying object posed and police came out on the sidelines. 
But the game was resumed only three minutes later as the drone probably decided the match had been too dull to stick around. 
The second-half picked up where it left off, producing another snore-fest and no clear cut chances. 
On the hour mark 
 had seen enough and made three changes with Sekou Mara, Mohamed Elyounoussi and Romain Perraud entering the fray for Che Adams, Romeo Lavia and Samuel Edozie.
It did the trick as James Ward-Prowse teed up Adam Armstrong whose low drive forced a blinding save from Emiliano Martinez’s outstretched foot. 
Saints hit back again this time 
’ cross eventually bobbling over to Ward-Prowse who lashed it home thanks to a heavy deflection off Ezri Konsa.
All Martinez could do was flap his fingertips helplessly as it flew over him on 63 minutes amid the desperate scramble. 
Villa weren’t happy as Mohamed Elyonoussi appeared to catch Jacob Ramsey's ankle in the build up, sparking a nail biting VAR check.
The goal was then chalked off and referee Michael Salisbury got an earful from seething Saints fans.
It looked harsh on the home side and Villa only twisted the knife in. 
They responded with a free-kick floated in by Douglas Luiz to Watkins who flicked it coolly into the bottom corner.
There was more VAR drama as the goal was checked for offside, but it stood, sparking a roar of “we’ve got super Unai Emery” from the travelling Lions.
Follow ALL the action with our live blog below…
 Conte 'to quit Spurs at end of season with club not offering him new deal'
 Man Utd Treble winner looks unrecognisable with huge beard as he poses with beer
 Victoria Beckham gets wrapped up in David's coat while watching Romeo
 Defoe dumped partner called Donna and their dog to date wife Donna
&copy