Author: Martha Cliff
WE’VE all gone out to the shops and spent time sniffing various perfumes, trying to find our next scent…only to check the price tag and decide it’s much too expensive.
However, one clever shopper has revealed a hack they’ve been using to get any perfume sample completely FREE in Superdrug.
Posting to the Facebook group
, Extreme Couponing and Bargains, Emma J explained her super savvy hack.
She wrote: “In Superdrug, if you are running out of your favourite perfume or can’t afford the full bottle, you can buy one of these Ice Pods and they will fill it with any sample bottle of your choice.
“Plus when you have used it, you can wash it out and refill it with your own perfume at home.”
Responses to the post were mixed, with some excited about the hack while others were sceptical. 
Commenting on the post, one said: “That’s an amazing deal, if you fill it with an expensive perfume you’ll get the pod for free and the perfume cheaper!”
She then shared a link to the perfume Marc Jacobs Perfect Intense and added: “5ml of this perfume is worth £6.50. The pod and fill is only £5, so it’s like getting it for free.”
A second wrote: “Omg I’m so coming in to do that with perfumes I can’t afford.” 
Another added: “Ooohhh this is brilliant! I’m gonna get myself one as one of my perfume bottle lids snapped off.”
However, a few bargain hunters who worked in Superdrug said that the deal should be approached with caution.
An employee warned: “Not sure that it’s advertised that we allow to fill them up with our testers, you will have to ask the boss.”
She followed up by saying: “It’s only when you buy one…not refill every visit.”
Another added: “We sell [ice pods] but don’t fill them, that’s only set stores.”
However, on closer inspection it seems that the deal should be available to all customers all year round.
Tom Church, Co-Founder of LatestDeals.co.uk, said: “This post has caused a lot of excitement among our members! I haven’t been able to establish whether Superdrug definitely offers a free sample of perfume if you buy an Ice Pod, if you need to buy a full-size perfume to qualify or if the offer is valid in select stores only.
“Upon browsing TikTok, I saw an old post from a Superdrug branch which said that if you spend £25 on fragrance and purchase a perfume pod for £5, you can fill it up with any available tester for free all year round.
“I would advise that there’s no harm in asking if you can get an Ice Pod - or similar container - filled up with a sample perfume, particularly if you’re already making any purchase in-store. The worst they can do is say no!”
Fabulous has contacted Superdrug for a comment.
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 I’m a gypsy girl & never go to the toilet in our caravans, it has a different use
 Multi-millionaire on Rich House Poor House pays broke man £50k a year
&copy