Author: Lauren Kelly
TRIBUTES are being paid to a hero Irish dad 
. 
Paul Doran, from 
, was at a popular beach in New South Wales with his wife Simonne and three kids when one of the youngsters got into difficulty.
He swam out to try and help her back to the shore, but was unable to.
Paul's wife then rushed out and was able to bring the girl back to the beach.
She frantically called emergency services and two police officers dashed to the scene at Seven Mile Beach, Lennox Head, at about 6.30pm on Wednesday.
They were unable to find the dad and rescuers from Surf Life Saving retrieved him from the water half an hour later.
Despite the best efforts of paramedics, they were unable to revive him and he died at the scene.
Jimmy Keogh from Surf Life Saving NSW told 
: "They managed to recover the 45-year-old that was submerged in the water and bring him to shore.
"Unfortunately, the male wasn't able to be revived.
The tragic 45-year-old had moved to Australia with his family just months before the tragedy. 
Before moving to Oz, he worked for his family business Pat Doran Construction. 
Mayor of Naas Cllr Evie Sammon has told how Paul was “loved and very well respected” in the community. 
She said: “I’d like to send our deepest condolences to Paul’s family from the communities of Ballymore Eustace and Naas. 
"Paul was loved and very well respected locally and the community is very saddened by his tragic death.
“Our thoughts are with Paul’s parents Paddy and Helen, his wife Simonne, his children and extended family. Ar dheis Dé go raibh a anam." 
Tributes are also being paid on social media with condolences sent to his heartbroken family.
Ballymore Eustace News added on Facebook: "There are no words to lessen the pain, nothing that can be said to reduce the heartbreak the Doran family is feeling today.
"A young man whom many of you know or would have gone to school with.
"Cruel for his wife Simone and their three children, dreadful for Helen and Paddy, for Paul's siblings Aoife, Emma, Sarah and Gavin and their extended families.
"A young couple having an adventure in Australia, and to end in tragedy... 
"We extend our deepest sympathy to Simone and children, Paddy, Helen and all the Doran family."
Another person wrote: "I was shocked and saddened to learn today of the tragic death of Paul Doran, one of the best and most forward-thinking builders I've ever encountered - a modest man who had a big impact."
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy