Author: Daniel Nuttman
THE water rabbit is the fourth animal on the Chinese zodiac that is celebrated over the course of the year.
What is the meaning behind it though and what does it represent? This is what we know.
 signs identify birth years with certain animals including the Rat, the Ox, the Tiger, the Rabbit, the Dragon, the Snake, the Horse, the Goat, the Monkey, the Rooster, the Dog and the Pig.
The Water Rabbit applies to those born in 1963 and 2011.
It is a sub-component of the Rabbit in the Chinese Zodiac. 
Each zodiac sign also has its own element: Earth, Wood, Fire, Metal and Water, which add more uniqueness to the sign.
Those born in 1927, 1939, 1951, 1963, 1975, 1987, 1999, 2011, 2023 are also considered Rabbits in the Chinese zodiac. 
The Rabbit is the fourth sign of the zodiac.
Only those born in 1963 and 2011 are Water Rabbits. 
Some notable Water Rabbits are: 
, 
 and 
. 
The Water Hare is a beautiful, fragile, worrisome character who loathes all forms of aggression. 
They’re kind, loyal, understanding, generous, thoughtful and honest. 
They should focus on their inherently creative abilities because they’re imbued with plenty. 
They’re never happier than when surrounded by either a posse of lovers or family 24/7. 
One of their Achilles heels is their need for reassurance, constantly. 
They are wannabe toughies but are ultimately a sensitive, lovely gem.
Rabbits make good teachers, police officers, artists and musicians. 
 Kind-hearted, sincere, helpful, and imaginative.
Straightforward, communicative and resourceful; like to be the center of attention.
 Smart, active, cheerful and emotional, but maybe a bit selfish.
Broad-minded with special foresight, responsible.
Easy-going and agreeable; adaptable but with a lower self-control ability.
Each sign has its own compatibility with others of the Chinese zodiac.
Rabbits are most compatible with the Pig, Sheep, Monkey, and Dog.
It is also an okay match with the Ox.
However, it is least compatible with the Snake and Rooster.
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 Boyfriend of 23-year-old stuck in kid's body hits back at trolls crying 'creepy'
 Sleep expert reveals how to stay warm at night without putting the heating on
 I worked at Tesco and there’s a reason we always try to talk to you at the tills
&copy