Author: The Sun
 
By entering the Promotion, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions (these 
). 
Completion and submission of an entry form or e-mail will also be deemed acceptance of these Terms and Conditions. 
Promotional materials relating to the Promotion, including all information on how to enter the Promotion published in publications of the Promoter (defined below) (including social media if applicable) or on the Promoter's websites, also form part of these Terms and Conditions. 
 In the event of any conflict between any terms referred to in such promotional materials and these Terms and Conditions, these Terms and Conditions take precedence.
All information submitted in connection with this Promotion will be processed in accordance with the privacy policy accessible at 
. 
The promoter of this Promotion is News Group Newspapers Ltd (publishers of The Sun and The Sun on Sunday) of 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF (the 
).
 Promotion closes at 23.59 (UK time) on 5 February 2023. Open to residents of the UK (excluding NI) only, except for anyone under 18 years of age, employees and agents of the Promoter and its group companies, or third parties directly connected with the operation or fulfilment of the Promotion and their affiliates, and their immediate families and household members. One entry per person. Winner will be selected at random from all correct entries. No cash alternative and prize is non-transferable. Your information will only be used to administer this Promotion in accordance with our privacy policy. Promoter is News Group Newspapers Ltd. Full T&Cs apply.
UK residents (exc NI) 18+ only. Ends [23.59 GMT] 5 February 2023. See [insert bitly link] for full prize description, entry routes, privacy policy & T&Cs. Promoter: News Group Newspapers Ltd.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy