Author: Dan Cain
NEW dad Professor Green has been settling into parenthood with his girlfriend Karima McAdams in their London home. 
The rapper shares the Victorian property with Netflix star girlfriend, two dogs and young son Slimane, one. 
The home has kept much of the character from the time it was built along with many modern features that have been added along the way.
The couple announced their pregnancy in 2021 with a shot from the relaxing bathroom, which features a free-standing bath tub with large clawed feet.
Green, real name Stephen Manderson, peeked over the tub at his girlfriend's exposed bump on the floor in their big reveal.
The hallway has solid wooden floors with a comfy bed for their dogs to rest.
Health conscious Stephen recently ordered a home red light kit which helps skin and muscle conditions.
It works by the bodies cells absorbing the light and using the energy to repair itself.
The rapper bought the house before he married Made In Chelsea star Millie Mackintosh in 2013, and they lived there together until their split in 2016.
The gorgeous property in south-east London boasts an incredible kitchen, complete with wine cooler, a dressing room and a recording studio which is completely sound-proofed.
It also has four bedrooms and a gorgeous terrace.
As well as four bedrooms, there are four bathrooms and the master suite has a sprawling dressing room.
There are also French doors leading out from the master bedroom onto a Juliette balcony.
Stephen and Karima began dating in the summer of 2019 and hit it off immediately.
Announcing their baby news on Instagram, Stephen wrote: "And then, all of a sudden everything is different. It all makes sense."
Stephen and Karima welcomed their son Slimane in 2021. 
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy