Author: Martin Blackburn
RICO LEWIS is one Manchester City player who will definitely be up for the fight in the weeks ahead.
 questioned this week whether his squad are in the right frame of mind for a 
 in the second half of the season.
Yet he knows he can count on 18-year-old sensation Lewis — who grew up practising Thai Boxing from the age of four under the tutelage of his former British lightweight champion dad.
Lewis said: “That was just something I did when I was a bit younger. It probably helped me a lot with balance and agility and stuff like that.
“My dad never did anything to do with football but now he is involved in it and he loves it just as much as I do now.”
His dad is known as ‘Ku Rick’ at the Phoenix Muay Thai Boxing gym he runs on the outskirts of Manchester — and says young Rico was ‘amazing’ at Muay Thai in his early years before football took centre stage.
Maybe 
 midfielder Pierre Emile Hojbjerg did not realise — as he seemed determined to kick the youngster out of Thursday night’s game.
Lewis said: “He just kept telling me he wasn’t meaning to do it — whatever that means. I didn’t really take much notice.
“Every time he’d say that. It didn’t really make much sense.”
Guardiola once again showed his faith in Lewis by picking him ahead of Kyle Walker for the crucial 4-2 win over Spurs.
He repaid that faith with a typical all-action display — while his superb block on the line from Ivan Perisic’s shot turned out to be a pivotal moment.
’s former Under- 18s skipper could not have envisaged at the start of the season he would be regularly keeping Walker out of the starting XI.
But he says the England full-back has been a mentor to him, adding: “We’ve had talks about stuff and been pretty open about everything that happens between us like selection and things like that. I get on really well with him.”
 Conte 'to quit Spurs at end of season with club not offering him new deal'
 Man Utd Treble winner looks unrecognisable with huge beard as he poses with beer
 Victoria Beckham gets wrapped up in David's coat while watching Romeo
 Defoe dumped partner called Donna and their dog to date wife Donna
&copy