Author: Alex Doyle
VICTORIA Beckham looks incredible as she goes make-up free - but fans have spotted a major 'cheat'.
The former 
 singer, 48, took to her social media account to share her skin routine with fans.
Posh Spice went make-up free for the video as she revealed her flawless complexion.
Posting the video, she said: "I've got no make-up on, just my power serum on and my cell rejuvenating moisturiser, so my skin is prepped."
However, some fans were reluctant to believe that Victoria, who is married to former footballer 
, was completely au natural.
One replied: "I love you but foundation concealer and powder are make up my darling. Ding dong."
A second harshly posted: "She’s my absolute hero and has been since SG’s .. but yes no make up but 27 filters."
"You have under eye concealer. Why is it so hard to be relatable to women ? Just plain honest. We wouldn’t think anything if you told us you have some concealer you are beautiful anyways," said a third fan.
While a fourth told the star: "No makeup???? really? The filters are doing there thing!!!! I think your fab and super stylish but I wish you would be more honest and transparent young girls need not to compare to filters!"
Meanwhile, The Sun recently revealed 
.
And after a handful of run-ins, insiders have said how 
 has reignited her competitive streak with the former 
 – and has got 
 and 
 involved.
A source said: “Stella isn’t normally that bothered about having big-name supermodels walking in her fashion shows as it can be extraordinarily expensive.
“But after she saw Victoria had booked Gigi and Bella to appear in her first ever Paris Fashion Week show in September, she booked them.
“A few days later the pair were on the runway for Stella.
“Everyone found it very funny and now it’s become a bit of a joke in the fashion world.
“People are saying they can’t wait to see which models Posh books for her autumn/winter 2024 show because they will no doubt be calling them up too.”
Do you have a story for The Sun Showbiz team?
Email 
 or call us direct on 
 .
We pay for videos too. Click 
 to upload yours.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy