Author: Alex Doyle
LOVE Island's Danica Taylor has shared a glimpse inside her lvaish Mauritius holiday with her lookalike mum.
The 
, 21, shot to fame on the eight series of the 
dating show last summer.
She was a late arrival to the programme as she arrived into the villa on day 12.
And as the new series of 
 airs, Danica has jetted off to 
.
She shared snaps of her lavish break away with fans on Instagram as she tucked into her breakfast outside at a resort.
Danica wowed fans as she posed in a daring green bikini as the sea could be seen behind her.
The star revealed she was holidaying with her mum as she shared a snap of her as they enjoyed a meal together.
She bares a striking resemblance to her daughter, leaving fans swooning.
Danica 
 last year.
The dancer didn't have much time to prepare as she was only given a 60 minute warning before joining the rest of the Islanders.
told 
: "It was literally only an hour before. Imagine if I'd said no.
"They were like 'so this is what it is, you're going to be in a shell and the Islanders are going to run down and then you're going to turn around and say 'hey boys', and then you're going to slide in, give a sexy little dance and then you're going to go over to all of the boys and do all this."
Recalling the exact moment, Danica added: "I started getting nervous when I heard them all running down because imagine, I'm in this shell and I've got producers going 'showtime' and all I can hear is them going 'woohoo'".
The star, who is a professional dancer, made her first appearance on the ITV2 show in a shell.
The Islanders were left lost for words when the prop turned around and they saw Danica sitting in it.
Do you have a story for The Sun Showbiz team?
Email 
 or call us direct on 
 .
We pay for videos too. Click 
 to upload yours.
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy