Author: Julia Atherley
A WOMAN has told how sex beast cop David Carrick forced her to clean his house naked during four years of horrific abuse.
She recalled how he treated her like a slave and when she threatened to report him to 
, the fiend replied: “I am the police.”
For years the victim — who cannot be named for legal reasons — thought she was the only one 
 had raped and tortured.
She was too scared to tell anyone what was happening and only felt safe to report her hell after news broke of his arrest in October 2021 and she saw his face on television
Sadistic Carrick was nicked after another 
 bravely reported him to police.
The Sun told on Tuesday how the officer had been revealed as 
 after he admitted 49 sex offences against 12 different women.
Our interviewee recounted attacks on her by Carrick — who called her his “slave” and threatened her if she tried to stop him.
She told The Sun: “He made me clean his house naked. 
"It was humiliating but he seemed to enjoy making me feel small.”
And she explained: “One time, I told him I was going to go to the police.
"He told me ‘
 — who would believe you?’.
“I thought it was just me he was abusing. I didn’t know about all these other women.”
It emerged this week that the 
 to stop their twisted officer in his tracks.
After reading about the cop’s catalogue of offences, the woman said: “I feel angry at the police.
"They could have stopped him 20 years ago.
“Seeing it all has been emotional. Now I can see the bigger picture. There might be more women.”
 of domineering Carrick, she met him through dating app Tinder.
She was persuaded to trust him after he showed her his police warrant card when they met up for drinks at a local pub
After their first meeting in 2017, Carrick asked if she would come round and clean for him once a week as she had worked as a professional cleaner
He lived in a three-bed house in 
, where we now know he attacked and raped women.
Pictures of the 
 show a bare living room with a cream leather three-piece suite and a television on a stand in the corner.
It emerged in court that Carrick would boast about owning snakes
New photos obtained by The Sun show the two reptiles which he used to intimidate women.
He called them Sophia and Lauren and often let them out in his garden during the summer.
They were kept in the living room in a large glass tank. A label underneath said “Royal Python”.
As well as getting the woman to clean his home, Carrick would force her to do his grocery shopping and pick him up from the pub if he was drunk.
If she refused, he would become violent.
She said: “If I told him no, he would say, ‘Do as you’re told’.
“He would slap me around the face for no reason.” 
She claims that when news broke that fellow gun cop 
 had been arrested for the kidnap, rape and murder of 
 in March 2021, Carrick threw away some of his sex toys and ties that he had used on his victims.
Carrick would demand that she buy him six bottles of white wine at a time, usually Mud House sauvignon blanc, which he would then drink in quick succession.
He would often set up his old Army tent in his back garden and force the victim to sleep outside with him.
In text messages seen by The Sun, Carrick calls the woman “my slave” and “my servant”.
In another, the pervert tells her, “Let me abuse you” and calls her the “village idiot”.
Once after she had cleaned his house, he wrote: “Don’t worry about cleaning next week. You’ve annoyed me.”
When the victim asked what she did wrong, Carrick replied: “Dis-obedience. You’re lazy.
“You’ve p***ed me off now cause you didn’t listen. Finally it sinks into that thick skull.”
She said: “He’s a wine drinker and he would shake his glass at me so I would be his slave to get him his drink.
"I thought he was joking at first. He was incredibly OCD and if there was a stain on his carpet then he would go mad.
“He didn’t like me smoking. He screwed all my cigarettes up.
“I got a vape pen and once I smoked it in his house. He went mad and tried to smash it up. He was going nuts.”
Carrick subjected her to horrific sexual and physical abuse, including choking her until she could barely breathe. 
One night at his home, he raped the woman before forcing her into the shower and urinating on her while she cried.
She threw up, which left a stain on the bathroom floor that is still visible in pictures of Carrick’s house taken after he was arrested.
Recounting the traumatic assault, she said: “He could have killed me by choking me on my own vomit.”
Twisted Carrick admitted raping and abusing 12 women on Monday at 
’s Southwark crown court. 
He faces a life term when he is sentenced in February.
It emerged that the former soldier passed his vetting to 
despite being named as a suspect in two offences the previous year.
He was even allowed to keep carrying his gun after he was arrested for rape in July 2021 and the case was dropped.
Farah Nazeer, chief executive of Women’s Aid, praised the victim who spoke to us.
She said: “It is incredibly brave for this survivor to speak out.
“We cannot underestimate what it must have felt like to be in a relationship with Carrick — who used all his power and control to silence her. 
"Thinking she was his only victim and that no one would believe her, his arrest meant she knew she was not alone and gave her the confidence to come forward.
“We know at Women’s Aid that many abusers use whatever power they have to stop their victims from telling anyone what is happening
“For women in 
, this can range from being worried they will not be believed, to thinking that statements could disappear, to having his colleagues dismiss her and judge her — possibly accusing her of lying or having mental health issues.
"The barriers are huge, and the arrest of Carrick has shown the breadth of his abuse, and what he was able to get away with.
“Important lessons need to be learned from this case, and from the case of 
.
“We hope that urgent work will begin, in partnership with violence against women organisations, to en- sure that abuse and misogyny can no longer thrive within the police.”
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy