Author: Dan Cain
GEMMA Atkinson surprised fans this morning by announcing she is pregnant with her second child.
But there were already subtle clues that a
.
In recent Instagram posts 
has covered her stomach with baggy items of clothing or turned the camera on those around her instead.
Her promo posts for fashion brand In The Style comprised heavily of loose-fitting items when she posed from a side profile.
While a forward facing shot saw her arm resting in front of her belly, and in another she pulled down a semi-transparent black top.
On their festive visit to 
home city of Bilbao, Gemma once again wore a chunky coat as she posed with daughter Mia, while a more recent post from the trip focused on the youngster eating on the plane with Gemma out of shot.
Strictly Come Dancing fans were disappointed when Gorka withdrew from the arena tour at short notice.
He recently said it was to make the most of precious time with the family. 
Now that the baby news is public, it makes even more sense that he stays home rather than travelling the country.
Gemma announced the pregnancy today with a picture of her cradling her baby bump.
She wrote: "Impossible to hide my belly any longer. I’ve officially “popped.” 
"Our baby boy will be joining our family later this year 
We feel so incredibly blessed and Grateful to be on this journey again. Mia is absolutely thrilled! Although we may need to do some negotiating on names, as so far she’s adamant he’s going to be called Barbie."
The news went down a storm with friends and fans alike.
Oti and Motsi Mabuse both sent congratulatory comments as did former Towie star Jess Wright.
The couple are already parents to three-year-old Mia, who beamed in a family snap announcing the news.


 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy