Author: Aliki Kraterou
GERARD Pique has been accused of paying for his new girlfriend's lip fillers after his alleged affair.
After being
, the former 
 defender is now under fire for allegedly paying for 
's first cosmetic surgery.
The claim comes by Spanish journalist Jordi Martin of Socialite who released a harsh letter to 
, following his split from the 
 popstar,
 reports.
He wrote: "Many people support you, but I still think what I predicted 12 years ago. That this relationship was too big for you. 
"That you had an inferiority complex with Shakira. You felt tiny next to her," wrote Martin.
"You needed a 23-year-old girl to laugh at you. You are immature. Shakira doesn't need anyone to pay for her cosmetic touch-ups.
"I think you paid for Clara's lips a few days ago, didn't you? You had to pull strings to hire Clara in your company and put her in a position that even her colleagues at Kosmos don't understand."
, 45, and 
, 35, 
 after the Spanish football ace left her for 23-year-old 
.
The singer is said to have discovered the alleged affair thanks to 
 that had been eaten.
Rumours have swirled that Shakira first smelt a rat after taking a look in her fridge at 
.
It's been claimed that Pique follows a strict diet and would not have tucked into the jam - and neither would her children.
The pop star is said to have hired a private investigator to trail 
 to confirm her suspicions.
 was forced to pay an agency to keep photos of the pair getting close, private after the PI firm flogged them to paparazzi.
Meanwhile, Pique was pictured 
 after the strawberry jam bombshell came to light.
It comes after Shakira was said to be “devastated” over new 
 from August 2021, which seemed to show Clara at the family home in Spain.
Shakira 
, comparing the relationship to swapping "a Ferrari for a [Renault] Twingo". 
Pique responded to the song by turning up to work in an £8,000 Renault Twingo and boasting his new seven-a-side project the King’s League had landed a 
 - adding that the cheaper watch would "last a lifetime".
In another twist Shakira put a terrifying life-size witch doll on her balcony, facing her mother-in-law’s house in the same street.
Neighbours reported she also blasted out 
 on repeat so Gerard’s mum, 
, could hear.
The singer is now reportedly 
 to try and distance herself from her in-laws.
She is said to have been furious to discover Pique's parents actively supported his new romance with Clara.
 Victoria Beckham gets wrapped up in David's coat while watching Romeo
 Defoe dumped partner called Donna and their dog to date wife Donna
 Ex-Premier League star throws his 'cheating c*** ex's' stuff across garden
 Southampton and Villa stars FORCED OFF and game delayed after DRONE flies over
&copy