Author: Joshua Mbu
ANDY MURRAY'S Australian Open journey has come to an end as the Brit star was dumped out by Roberto Bautista Agut.
Murray 
 in the first round in a five-set thriller before coming from 
 two days ago. 
But Agut was one step too far for the British icon. 
That's the end of the Australian Open for Murray this year and that brings an end to our coverage.
In other news, Novak Djokovic kept his hopes of a tenth title in Melbourne alive with a straight sets win over Grigor Dimitrov.
As for Bautista Agut, he'll play American Tommy Paul in round four.
Thanks for joining.
So Murray's fine tournament comes to an end and his wait to reach the fourth round of a Grand Slam for the first time since 2017 goes on.
But it's been some effort from Brit, who produced memorable wins over Matteo Berrettini and Thanasi Kokkinakis to get this far and he certainly left it all out there once again.
He was on for court for 14 hours and four minutes this week, which finally took its toll.
Whether or not that's the last we've seen of Murray at the Australian Open remains to be seen, but he was given a standing ovation from the Margaret Court Arena.
Bautista Agut said: "It's always very tough playing Andy at a Grand Slam.
"He knows the game very well, he knows very well how to play a Grand Slam match.
"I'm very happy with how I held the nerves and tension. I'm very happy with the win.
"I'm feeling well on the court, I'm competing well, I'm doing everything I can outside the court to play good matches.
"Today was obviously very tough but I enjoyed the match, the atmosphere. I think I;m prepared to play a good match in the next round."
Bautista Agut cannot afford to get passive.
Murray takes the opening point with a vicious forehand. 
30-love Murray! The crowd are roaring the Brit on as he looks to fight off Bautista Agut's serving for the game.
Powerful stuff from Bautista Agut as he draws level at 30-all. Two points from victory.
Bautista Agut wraps the game up! Andy Murray is 
 of the Australian Open in the third round after four sets.
The world No25 wins 1-6 7-6 3-6 4-6. 
DISASTER FOR MURRAY!
Bautista Agut BREAKS without dropping a single point.
The Spaniard will serve for the match.
Murray takes the first point. A rare miss from Bautista Agut.
Most of the 7,000-plus fans are in the Brit's corner. 
Bautista Agut battles back well with a string of powerful first serves.
The Spaniard holds. 
Big, big hitting from Murray after missing a forehand in the opening point.
Murray has enough in his legs to get up and execute a slam, which Bautista Agut returns.
But the Brit gets across well for game point. Murray holds.
Bautista Agut hoping to wrap the game up early, as he has done so many times already today.
Powerful and aggressive play gazumps Murray with a love-hold.
Bautista Agut wins a point he has no right to take after some good play by Murray.
The Brit responds by firing himself to a game point.
But in a flick of a switch the Spaniard responds, taking the game to deuce. 
Murray rescues a Bautista Agut break point to hold serve. 3-2 in the fourth set. 
Bautista Agut was handed an opportunity to get back into the fourth set and he has taken it.
The Spaniard quickly wraps up his serving.
Is another Murray miracle in the making?
We're well over the two hour mark in this contest. 
Bautista Agut storms into a love-30 lead, but Murray responds well. 
The Spaniard has a chance to break at 30-40. Will he break back? No he can't at this point. Deuce.
He gets there in the end. Murray misses a massive opportunity. 
Bautista Agut opens his serving with an ace but Murray responds with an excellent forehand. 15-15. 
Is the Spaniard's concentration starting to slip?
Murray has the chance to break.... AND HE DOES!
Lose this set and Murray is out of the Australian Open in the third round.
He will serve first. 
Bautista Agut overhits a forehand and Murray takes the first point of the set. 
Murray's pace on the first serve has been down on this game and it's starting to show.
He goes for the drop shot and Bautista Agut pulls the game back to 30-30.
Murray gets his nose in front. He takes the first game. 
Fantastic tennis by Bautista Agut.
He opens his serving by scoring a low shot over the net. 
The Spaniard closes in the net to smash home a second to take a love-30 lead.
Bautista Agut cleans up house. Wins every point in the game to take the set 6-3.
Another mountain for Murray to climb. He has done it before though. 
Love-15 Bautista Agut. A powerful forehand sends Murray scrambling across the court.
The pair engage close to the net but Murray misses out on the chance to draw level. Murray was simply a fraction too slow. Love-30.
Murray hits back after some bird poo had to be cleaned up.
A wayward backhand hands Bautista Agut the chance to break, though.
Bautista Agut breaks. He will serve for the set.
Bautista Agut's ruthless streak from serving may be back.
He quickly races into a 40-love lead and Murray has no response. 
Murray lazily returns Bautista Agut's fourth serve out and the game is over in a flash. Brutal.
Murray is talking to himself, trying to provoke a reaction.
He falls 30-love behind after hitting the net.
The reaction is incredible. 
He aggressively hunts the ball down to win the first point of the game, and swiftly gets his second to draw level.
Bautista Agut forces the game to deuce, though. 
Murray does it! Both men are holding their serve well. 
Murray is starting to tire out Bautista Agut. He takes the Spaniard to deuce.
The pair get close to the net but Bautista Agut's brilliant return wins the game.
Bautista Agut takes the first point.
But Murray finds his grove and wins the next four to hold his serve.
It took the Brit time to get going, but when he's up and running he takes some stopping. 
Bautista Agut is just ice cold. He always seems to have a response.
He takes a 30-love lead.
Murray pulls a point back but the world No25 holds his nerve and takes the next two points.
Over to Murray.
Murray has certainly made his presence felt after that first set drubbing.
He takes a 30-15 lead in his bid to hold serve. 
Murray hits his 27th winner with a wonderful cross-court smash.
But Bautista Agut battles back to deuce. 
Murray holds after a brilliant rally! 1-1.
Bautista Agut has come out massively disappointed. Rocked.
And he's not in the mood to mess around as he sweeps the game without dropping a point. 
Murray does it! He wins the tiebreak 9-7 to take the second set.
Massive, massive set for the Brit. Game on.
He saved two set points! It took him 78 minutes.
Bautista Agut is serving to stay in the set and he takes the first point.
But Murray draws level and the crowd roar their approval. 
Bautista Agut keeps plugging away to hold his serve.
Tiebreak. 
So good. So damaging from Bautista Agut as he pulls Murray from pillar to post to win the first point. 
Murray ACE! 15-15.
The Brit follows it up with another brilliant point. Can Murray hold his nerve?
No he can't. He hits the net to level the game up at 30-30.
Deuce after Murray hits an exceptional shot. 
Murray can't be broken now, surely? All that hard work would be undone. 
He HOLDS!
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Eubank Jr left with horrifically swollen eye after Smith demolition
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Ex-Premier League star throws his 'cheating c*** ex's' stuff across garden
&copy