Author: Charlotte Edwards
AI analyst and 
 spoke exclusively to The U.S. Sun about ChatGPT concerns and how she thinks we actually need to be embracing the technology.
ChatGPT is a chatbot that you can ask questions, prompting it to produce creepily accurate chunks of text in response.
The AI bot is currently free to use during its initial research preview so plenty of people have been experimenting with it online.
This has sparked some concern that it's too good and could even replace humans in some job roles.
Some people were even 
 as a doctor, dentist, and personal trainer.
Although Palmer doesn't think people should be using it for these purposes, she does recommend that you try ChatGPT for yourself.
The AI expert explained to The U.S. Sun: "I just want to encourage people to try it.
"The biggest thing about ChatGPT is that it has democratized access to AI. 
"All across the world now people can log in and they can try it and they can see for themselves and experience for themselves what is possible with AI.
"So, that’s the reason I’m just so excited about this tool and I do not want us to ban it or restrict it because it’s democratizing access.
"Everyone is starting to become more aware and whether they’re excited or anxious or just downright concerned, raising the awareness is for me the biggest thing that ChatGPT is doing for the world right now." 
Palmer stressed the importance of individuals as well as companies embracing AI now.
She warned that if they don't, there's a risk of being left behind as AI grows increasingly important for everyday tasks.
Palmer told us: "I absolutely believe that to be true. I think that right now, from a business perspective, those who are embracing artificial intelligence are already seeing huge competitive advantages against those who don’t."
And, added: "If we break that down to the individual person over time.
"Are you going to be able to compete in a marketplace if you can’t work in concert [with AI]?
"I think of it as a partnership between the induvial worker and the AI tools that they’re going to be asked to use and this is happening at breakneck speed right now."
Palmer thinks the speed at which people are expected to work alongside AI will only accelerate in 2023.
To use ChatGPT, you'll first need to make an Open AI account.
You'll be able to do that when you navigate to the official ChatGPT 
.
Once you're in, simply start typing prompts to get going.
You can keep your prompts in the same "conversation", or you can hit Reset Thread to start over from fresh.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy