Author: Olivia Marshall
A MAJOR supermarket has made a huge change to its loyalty scheme - and it could help you to save cash. 
As part of a shake-up, customers using the 
 Clubcard app will be able to look back at their spending habits.
Around eight million shoppers will be able to use the new Clubcard Unpacked tool, according to Tesco.
Shoppers will be able to see their three most shopped items, favourite meal deal combo, favourite aisle and most-visited store. 
The new tool will also reveal how much customers saved by using the 
.
Tesco said it will also allows shoppers who haven't spent their points to see how they can get the most value from them.
With Tesco's Clubcard, you get one point when you scan your card or app each time you spend £1 in store and online.
You also get one point for every £2 spent on fuel.
One point equals 1p, so 150 points gets you £1.50, for example.
You'll need a minimum of 150 points to request a voucher.
Once you have enough points, you can turn them into vouchers worth the face value to spend in store at 
, or you can 
 to spend at reward partners, including restaurants, and on days out.
Members can also benefit from Clubcard prices, which are lower for those with a loyalty card than regular shoppers.
Members can see their Clubcard Unpacked in the Tesco Grocery and Clubcard 
, or through their online account.
But given there are 20 million Clubcard holders in total, not everyone will able to access it. 
To be valid for Clubcard Unpacked, you must: 
The Clubcard app is free to download from the Apple app store for iPhone users, or from Google Play for Android users.
Tesco 
 to its loyal customers.
 allows customers to collect "Asda pounds" every time they buy Star Products and complete Missions in store.
Shoppers get cash back on their shopping when they buy certain own-brand and big brand products.
Cashback is personalised, with rewards offered on the items you're most likely to buy.
Meanwhile, Sainsbury's 
 to also offer personalised discounts.
Customers can see the deals on the website or app each week, then collect the extra points if they buy the item in store or online.
To get one Nectar point you need to spend £1 in Sainsbury’s store, or you get one Nectar point for every litre of fuel purchased in Sainsbury’s fuel stations.
Morrisons shoppers can 
 through the My Morrisons loyalty scheme after the scheme was overhauled in May 2021 and 
.
Instead of getting points, shoppers now receive digital coupons that can be used for instant savings in stores. 
So you won't be able to earn anything on your shopping, but you'll get "personalised offers" and coupons to get money off your groceries.
Meanwhile, Lidl launched a 
 in 
.
And in July 2020, M&S 
 and now offers a 
 for its shoppers.
 Martin Lewis’ urgent warning over direct debits that could see you paying more
 I visited UK's smallest house - but it's TOO tiny ... I hated it
 Exact amount PIP will rise this year - will you be better off?
 Major mobile network to scrap free data roaming in Europe for millions
&copy