Author: Etienne Fermie
CRYSTAL PALACE shareholders Josh Harris and David Blitzer are considering bidding for a stake in Manchester United, according to reports.
And their offer could potentially see the Glazer family 
at Old Trafford.
The American duo bought 18 per cent each of Crystal Palace in 2015, but have since reduced their combined stake in the Eagles to under 20 per cent.
They tried to buy 
 last year, only to miss out to compatriot Todd Boehly.
The Glazers finally buckled to fan pressure and put the club up for sale, following a series of protests.
But according to the 
, it is "unclear" whether they will seek a "total sale" of the club.
Financial experts value the Red Devils at an eye-watering £7billion, which could put off potential buyers and make a partial sale more likely.
Should this be the case, Harris and Blitzer could look to make a bid for a stake in the club that would still see the Glazers remain majority shareholders.
Harris and Blitzer own a network of sports teams in the US.
They control the Philadelphia 76ers in the NBA and New Jersey Devils in the NHL.
Billionaire Man United fan Sir Jim Ratcliffe 
.
But 
 will 
 be held to ransom and will demand a fair market price for the Old Trafford outfit.
Suggestions of an asking price of between £6bn and £8bn for a club that cost £790m when Malcolm Glazer took control in 2005 had indicated that a Middle East state’s Sovereign Wealth fund might be the most probable purchaser.
But it has now emerged that, despite the figures being quoted, Ratcliffe 
want in - as long as he is not being ripped off.
Speaking about his interest in United in October, prior to the Glazers publicly signalling their intent to sell, Ratcliffe said: "The club is deeply etched in my mind.
"I have met Joel and Avram (Glazer), who are the nicest people, proper gentlemen, really nice people - and they don't want to sell.
“If it had been for sale in the summer, yes, we would probably have had a go, following on from the Chelsea thing.
“But we can't sit around hoping that one day Manchester United will become available."
 Conte 'to quit Spurs at end of season with club not offering him new deal'
 Man Utd Treble winner looks unrecognisable with huge beard as he poses with beer
 Victoria Beckham gets wrapped up in David's coat while watching Romeo
 Defoe dumped partner called Donna and their dog to date wife Donna
&copy