Author: Daniel Nuttman
GOLF is a popular sport amongst many different ages and abilities, both for the skill required as well as the social aspect.
Most amateur 
use a handicap system, so that the game can remain competitive for all players involved, regardless of ability. This is all you need to know. 
A handicap in golf is used in accordance with a player's ability to create a more even playing field.
The better the golfer is, the lower the handicap will be. 
For example, a player with a handicap of two is better than a player with a handicap of 10.
Men usually start on a handicap of 28, whilst women start on 36.
The way a handicap works will depend on whether you are playing stroke play or match play golf.
Match play golf is essentially where you play to win each hole, rather than performances on holes having an effect on the final total.
This can be seen in event such as the 
 or The world matchplay.
Basically, the player wins the most holes will win the match.
In a singles match between a player with a handicap of 10 and a player with a handicap of 18, the lower handicap will give the 18 handicap eight strokes.
Handicaps are also calculated in terms of course rating.
The Course Rating shows how hard the course is for a scratch golfer. A scratch golfer is defined as a player who can play the course with a course handicap of zero.
The average handicap for a professional golfer would be +5.4 if they reported their scores.
This information was obtained from the top 
golfers results after 100 rounds between 2016 and 2020.
Their scores were then calculated to see what their handicap would have been. 
The highest possible handicap that a player can have is 54.
This means that the player in question will be given 54 shots extra to complete their holes in par.
At the end of the round, golfers usually subtract the 54 shots from their round in order to judge what their actual score would have been.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Ex-Premier League star throws his 'cheating c*** ex's' stuff across garden
 Southampton and Villa stars FORCED OFF and game delayed after DRONE flies over
&copy