Author: Jon Rogers
POLICE have been granted more time to question a man arrested on suspicion of a terror offence after a "bomb" was discovered outside a maternity unit.
The bomb squad and Army specialists 
The 27-year-old suspect was detained on suspicion of being concerned in the commission, preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism after he was allegedly seen with a suspected firearm and a suspicious package at the hospital's maternity wing on Friday.
A warrant of further detention was granted by Westminster Magistrates' 
 on Saturday, giving officers until Friday to hold and further interview the suspect if required, Counter Terrorism Policing (CTP) North East said.
The suspect was seized by officers who also found an improvised explosive in a nearby car.
Sources claimed a pressure cooker-style device - similar to the one used in the 
 in 2017 - was found in the vehicle. It is unclear if it was viable.
Patients were evacuated and told to move away from windows on Friday morning.
Leeds Teaching Hospitals Trust later confirmed visitors were being blocked from accessing Gledhow Wing.
The unit is where the majority of the maternity ward is held - including the delivery suite - as well as some respiratory and bereavement services.
But the A&E remained open and patients elsewhere in the hospital are being urged to attend appointments as normal unless told otherwise.
Counter Terrorism Policing North East said at the time: "The 27-year-old man, who has remained in custody since his arrest this morning, has this evening been re-arrested under Section 41 of the Terrorism Act 2000; on suspicion of being concerned in the commission, preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism."
Detective Chief Superintendent Jim Dunkerley, head of Counter Terrorism Policing North East, said: "This is being treated as an isolated incident and there is no evidence to suggest there is any heightened or ongoing risk to the public.
"Nevertheless, the UK threat level remains at Substantial and we would always encourage the public to be vigilant and to report any suspicious activity or behaviour to police in confidence on 0800 789 321 or at gov.uk/ACT."
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy