Author: Olivia Burke
PRINCE Harry and Meghan Markle won't join King Charles and Camilla on the balcony for his Coronation, according to reports. 
 and 
 are "unlikely" to join members of the 
 to commemorate the newly crowned 
.
The line-up will only feature 
 - excluding Harry as well as his uncle 
. 
Although there is no suggestion that Harry will be barred from the celebrations on May 6 - that clash with his son 
's fourth birthday - he is not expected to earn a spot on the balcony. 
According to the 
, a senior Royal insider said it is "unlikely" him and Meghan will attend any major public appearances.
Tensions have been fraught since the Duke released his 
 - brimming with explosive claims.
He alleged that he was
, and accused the 
 to the press.
It has only 
 with the Royals - but 
 admitted he would still like to see his father be crowned. 
During an 
 to pedal his book, he said: "There’s a lot that can happen between now and then.
"But, the door is always open. The ball is in their court. 
"There’s a lot to be discussed and I really hope that they’re willing to sit down and talk about it."
Royal sources hinted that 
 to stop the feud overshadowing the coronation. 
One royal source said Charles needs to extend the invitation sooner rather than later, as it will become a "circus and distraction."
But some Royals are said to be concerned that their 
 was paid an estimated $40million for a four-book deal and his first memoir has delved into private behind-the-scenes conversations with his family.
The privacy of virtually none of 
 has been spared in 
, which was released earlier this week.
Some relatives reportedly fear they may 
 if they don't keep their mouths shut. 
Regardless of 
, the country will enjoy a meticulously planned three-day party.
A blockbuster concert ­featuring global pop icons, who may include 
 and 
, is also planned at 
.
The two parades on Coronation Day will conclude with members of the 
— including the newly-crowned 
and his 
 — waving from the balcony at Buckingham Palace.
Iconic locations around the UK will be illuminated with projections, lasers and drone displays as the “centrepiece” of celebrations to mark His Majesty’s crowning in a very modern way.
Royal experts predicted the event will “dwarf” even last year’s ­spectacular celebrations for the 
.
The events will take place on Saturday May 6, Sunday May 7 and Monday May 8, which has been declared a bank holiday to mark the Coronation.
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 I’m a gypsy girl & never go to the toilet in our caravans, it has a different use
 Multi-millionaire on Rich House Poor House pays broke man £50k a year
&copy