Author: Katrina Vasey
FABULOUS BINGO guarantees that you'll get to see not one but two superstars EVERY week. 
Our superstars happen exactly when we say they will, and the rewards are out of this world. 
 
Bingo tickets for London Room’s Superstar Sessions can be purchased from 1p from London Room’s bingo schedule either by pre-buying them from the bingo lobby or by being in the London Room from 6pm to 11pm.  
Any and all superstars are welcome, which means 
 registered players, UK and ROI residents aged 18+ years old (registration and ID verification required).
There's a minimum of £2000 to be won during the London Room’s Superstar Sessions. 
Some think that 13 is an unlucky number, but it’s a superstar to us as that’s the minimum number of winners per game. 
There will also be winning stars for over 600 players every session! Linked games will be available every 30 minutes that are priced between 5p and 50p. 
These games are in addition to the guaranteed £2000 prize money.
Please be aware that the maximum number of tickets per player per game ranges from 60 to 120.
The fun runs from 6pm to 11pm every Friday and Saturday. 
The Superstar Sessions will be available until further notice as part of London Room’s ongoing bingo schedule.  
The stargazing takes place in London Room.
Our Superstar Session tickets are only 1p each, but every full house worth at least £100! 
There’s £2000 guaranteed prize money per session, not bad for a night’s entertainment.
It’s written in the stars that any prize money will be paid out immediately after the game(s) have finished. 
In the event of more than one winner, all winnings will be shared out equally. 
Terms and conditions: The Superstar Session is part of the ongoing bingo schedule. To take part, players can be in the London Room during the session or pre buy from the bingo lobby. Prizes and winners advertised are minimum guarantees per session. 18+. T&Cs apply.
*Terms and conditions: New customers only. Deposit £10 for 30 free spins on selected games (accept & wager winnings 30x within 48hrs) and spend £10 on bingo tickets for a £20 bingo bonus (accept & wager bonus 3x within 7 days). Debit cards only. 18+. T&Cs apply. 
Commercial content notice: Taking one of the offers featured in this article may result in a payment to The Sun. 18+. T&Cs apply. 
For help with a gambling problem, call the National Gambling Helpline on 0808 8020 133 or go to 
 to be excluded from all UK-regulated gambling websites. 
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy