Author: Olivia Burke
ANDY Murray spends most of his time on the tennis court - but he still needs a flash motor to get himself there. 
The three-time Grand Slam winner has earned an impressive amount of cash from his sporting triumphs - allowing him to splash out on a 
. 
With an estimated 
, the sportsman, 35, has a decent budget to work with. 
Despite his bulging bank balance, 
 - his beloved 
. 
Even his wife Kim Sears has begged him to scrap it, but the 
 ace refuses to part with the 14-year-old motor. 
He kicked off his 
 with the Polo at the tender age of 22, using it as a runaround that he could avoid being recognised in. 
Despite admitting he is still strongly "attached to it", the dad-of-four ditched the trusty vehicle five months later. 
He gave the Polo a break from the roads and instead purchased a bright red 
 430, that's estimated to have set him back £117,000. 
 reportedly paid only a fraction less for simply insuring the stunning sports car. 
But he amusingly admitted he felt like "a bit of a prat" behind the wheel of the luxury 
 motor. 
The two-time 
 champ said: "I keeled in to peer pressure but I didn’t enjoy driving it at all. It was a mistake."
He flogged the Ferrari back in 2010 - much to 
's delight, as he didn't think his son "should be driving something like that when he'd just passed his test".
The 
 star then decided to mirror his favourite film hero when 
 
He swapped the extravagant supercar for an 
 DB9 - just like 
 - for £200,000 instead.
Murray confessed he liked the stunning motor "a lot more", especially because of its inconspicuous colour. 
He explained: "With the Aston, yes, it’s a beautiful car, but it was a bit more understated — and it wasn’t red."
The 35-year-old later bagged a £125,000 
 i8 after winning the Munich Open - but regifted it to his father. 
In 2016, 
 ensured the tennis ace was always traveling in style. 
He rolled around in the enviable 
 XKR before owning the £66,000 Jaguar I-Pace, arguably a standout in his collection. 
He was one of the first owners of the British carmaker's all-electric performance SUVs. 
Murray said of the motor: "Yes. I love it. It’s nice, comfy, quick.
"And obviously I need a decent boot for my kit. It’s perfect for me."
However, he did admit he was constantly having to plug in the Jaguar to the mains to provide it with some juice. 
He explained: "Obviously it’s a little bit longer than filling up in a petrol station, but I hadn’t planned in advance. 
"Now I charge the car pretty much every night when I’m at home."
The tennis legend has also been spotted ferrying his family around in a 
 Cayenne SUV. 
Whatever motor you may spot Murray driving, he has clearly weighed up whether he needs to fit his rackets or youngsters in.
But despite his enviable car collection, the VW Polo is the vehicle that remains closest to his heart.
He reportedly allows his pals to whizz around in the budget motor to ensure it isn't left to rot.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy