Author: Alice Fuller
A MUM who fell for a man dubbed "Britain's biggest love rat" has told of her lucky escape. 
Tracy Greenhill met "perfect gent" Jasper Golyer on 
 Dating and was immediately struck by how romantic he was. 
The pair enjoyed several dates, during which he claimed he was an ex-
 solider who had twice met 
. 
Jasper also boasted about having two degrees and that he held a Blue Badge for 
 after a sailing accident.
But Tracy soon noticed his stories weren't adding up and later clocked him using a credit card with a woman's name on it.
Jasper claimed it belonged to his PA, but after a closer look at his disabled badge Tracy discovered his real name was John Keady.
A quick search on 
 revealed him to be a Lothario fraudster who charmed his way into women's hearts and then bank accounts. 
The cruel conman is believed to have swiped almost £2million from some 100 victims. 
Tracy told the 
: "I was struck by how romantic he was.
"[But when I discovered the truth], my jaw fell open. 
"Suddenly, Jasper’s attentiveness took a sinister turn."
The mum-of-two reported him to the police, who advised she call the relationship off. 
But Tracy was "nervous" as her partner "showed no emotion".
Keady was eventually jailed for five years in 2010 after pleading guilty to 19 fraud offences.
But after being released on licence in 2012, he was linked to several other allegations and was thrown back behind bars. 
Cops described the "professional liar" as having "a PhD in deception". 
He took on several personas, posing as a successful businessman who exuded wealth, an international yachtsman, a world class kayaker and a lifeboat man, 
 reports. 
"Charismatic" Keady, who also went by Peter Berry, Jay Smith, James Smith, Dr James Smith, Jonathan Johns and Taz Keady to avoid detection, would woo single women on dating sites like Plenty of Fish then persuade them to transfer him money before ghosting them. 
He also siphoned off his elderly widow mother's life savings. 
One of his victims, 
, lost £35,000 to the trickster. She later had to sell her home and horse. 
Joanne, from 
, 
, said in 2017: "He’s a monster for what he did to me.
"He looks just like Shrek — the only difference is he isn’t green. 
"I can’t believe I was sucked in by this snake."
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 Sleep expert reveals how to stay warm at night without putting the heating on
 I worked at Tesco and there’s a reason we always try to talk to you at the tills
&copy