Author: Tariq Tahir
THE tanks that the Ukrainians have been pleading Germany to supply them to fight the Russians boast the ability to balance a beer on their barrels.
Ukraine has been pleading with Germany to supply it with the much vaunted Leopard 2 and to allow other nations that operate it to donate theirs in a bid to turn the tide in the 
is reportedly preparing for a new offensive that could see
In response Volodymyr Zelensky has sought more military aid and in particular the Leopard 2, which the Ukrainians say will replace their ageing tanks and given them an edge on the battlefield.
Ukraine needs 300 tanks to push them into full retreat. 
are supplying some but  Germany appears 
 from sending the Leopards.
Some 2000 Leopard 2 tanks can be found in the ranks of NATO armies and footage shows exactly why they are so highly regarded.
Incredible video shows a soldier balancing his pint on the barrel of the Leopard 2 before it drives off without spilling a drop in a demonstration of how stable it is.
The tank was developed for the West German army in the Seventies and entered into service at the end of that decade.
It’s powered by a diesel engine and is equipped with a powerful 120mm cannon and advanced night vision.
On Friday, some 50 nations agreed to provide Kyiv with billions of dollars' worth of military hardware, including armoured vehicles and munitions needed to push back Russian forces.
On Friday, Germany inched closer to a decision to deliver the tanks, ordering a review of its Leopard stocks in preparation for a possible green light.
But its Defence Minister Boris Pistorius said: "We still cannot say when a decision will be taken, and what the decision will be, when it comes to the Leopard tank."
Several allies echoed Zelensky in saying the tanks were essential to Ukraine's fight with its much larger neighbour.
In a joint statement – a rare public criticism of Europe's leading power - the foreign ministers of the three Baltic states said they "call on Germany to provide Leopard tanks to Ukraine now."
"This is needed to stop Russian aggression, help Ukraine and restore peace in Europe quickly. Germany as the leading European power has special responsibility in this regard," said the statement.
It comes after the UK pledged a squadron of 14 Challenger 2s will be on the battlefield within weeks to help blast 
 evil regime.
The UK will provide four batteries of eight AS90 self-propelled artillery guns as well as Bulldog and CVR(T) armoured vehicles too.
Some 600 Brimstone missiles are among thousands of sophisticated rockets also being donated by the UK 
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy