Author: Maisie Bovingdon
DEAR FRANCES is the new footwear brand you need to have on your radar this Spring. 
The eco-conscious, vegan brand calls on artisans in Italy to create every style of shoe you could possibly desire, which are well made and timeless - and their new Spring/Summer collection might be their best yet.
Fashionistas will love 
, our latest fashion find we can't get enough. 
Available to shop at 
, we can't enough of their sustainable designs, with everything from boots to trainers, flat sandals to heels to see you through every occasion all year round. 
Many of their designs are giving which are giving us big designer energy, such as the 
 that we can easily see on  Hailey Bieber. 
While the 
look very similar to Hermes sandals. 
We also have a soft spot for the array of boots to shop at Dear Frances, from the classic
to the knee high 
, perfect for day to night.  
However, 
 is what we are currently lusting after. 
Why? Because it is the failsafe collection to see you through the transitional seasons from Winter into Spring, as well as through the warmer summer months too. 
The latest collection features back to school loafers, slides, as well as heels, so your feet will look stylish no matter what. 
The new drop boasts a refreshing colour palette, which simply screams summer, with blush hues, deep bordeaux reds, as well as classic espresso, tan and black colourways. 
The quality is also second to none, as Dear Frances footwear is created from sustainable materials, such as soft glossy calf leather or tactile suede. 
Plus, the team hand sew the seams, a fine detail we are impressed by. 
The 
 from £325 up to £820. 
Speaking about Dear Frances, founder and creative director, Jane Frances, said: "The essence of our sustainable approach is our desire to slow fashion down, by focusing on investment pieces that can be worn time and again, season after season. We strongly believe in reverting back to quality, long-lasting styles, with ethical material choices."
With plenty of shoes to choose from at 
 it can be hard to narrow down your selection, so we've picked out our favourites. 
Just get them before they go.
The Driver Loafers are a failsafe wardrobe must have, and even a pair to keep on you at all times, whether you really do want to wear for driving, to the office, or after a long day on your feet. 
These loafers come in a selection of colours, including a vibrant orange hue, which is giving us major Hermes vibes for a fraction of the price. 
Hailey Bieber had us lusting after loafers when she paired her look with an oversized blazer and socks. 
Whether you pair with jeans, shorts, a blazer, are planning to wear for work, everyday ambling around on those Spring days, or in the evening, the options are endless. 
The Harlow Pumps come in a number of fabulous colourways, which will brighten any wardrobe this summer. 
The heeled pump make for a flattering, comfortable, and versatile shoe, to elevate any outfit, whether it is a classic jeans and t-shirt combo. 
The Tye Slide is a quirky summer sandal perfect for the warmer months, or any upcoming holidays. 
The knot front add a little extra je ne sais quoi to spice up any outfit. 
A white trainer is a must have in every shopper's wardrobe hands down. 
The Vegan Seek Trainer deliver on all counts, as it is a classic style, it features a lace up front, slight platform sole, and round toe. 
Dear Frances' Cube Boot are another must buy we are head over heels for. 
This design may not be in the new Spring/Summer collection, but it is one style we can't get enough of, and will call on for daytime and nighttime, work, shopping, even drinks out.
On the lookout for a bargain? We have 
.
Looking for the 
 
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 I’m a gypsy girl & never go to the toilet in our caravans, it has a different use
 Multi-millionaire on Rich House Poor House pays broke man £50k a year
&copy