Author: Joshua Jones
The Ukrainian, 36, is 
 in a unification bout in April.
But the WBA, WBO, IBF and The Ring king will come in a lot smaller, lighter and shorter than his 6ft 9ins opponent.
And Fury's dad piled in on Usyk's "terrible" physique - by suggesting 
 needs to pile on the pounds.
But even if he does, he still expects the Gypsy King to be far too much to handle and he might fare better against his 
. 
Fury Sr told 
: “Looking at Usyk getting out the pool the other day, he needs to do something different physically to get in the ring with Tyson.
“We could put the boxing gloves on Paris and let her fight him based on how he looked the other day. 
"They are about the same size. I think Paris has a bigger pair of shoulders, to be fair.
“He did himself no favours with a body like that. He looked terrible, like he’s not eaten for three months.
“When they are out of so-called ‘training’ their body disappears. 
"And then you see them transformed a few months later. Like a head transplant onto another body. He will go from a rabbit to an oversized rabbit in a few months.
“Tyson is unbeatable. 
"The Gypsy King has won all over the world. He beat one Ukrainian dosser, he will beat another.”
, 34, boasts a staggering 33-0-1 professional record with 24 wins by knockout. 
Now his full attention is on the showdown with Usyk.
An 
 but there is still 
.
Frank Warren, Fury's British promoter, told 
: "Both sides want the fight and are up for the fight.
"We are in a like mind.
"I don't think we're far off from announcing it.
"It's basically just a couple of things behind the scenes we're just trying to get sorted.
"I won't go into it as I don't want to compromise the situation.
"News is pretty imminent now."
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy