Author: Lucretia Munroe
LOVE Island fans were left gobsmacked when they noticed that Shaq Muhammad packed David's bags for him just before his shock exit.
At first glance this could have been seen as a nice gesture, however, considering the 
 between the pair over 
, it was anything but that.
So much so, fans of the 
 picked up on 
 sly dig. One fan said: "Shaq packing David's bags for him. The ultimate disrespect."
And viewers are now claiming Shaq, 24, is playing a game to stay on the show.
Another fan said: "Tanya should have chosen David, trust, she will regret it. Think Shaq is playing a game to stay in. Don't think he really likes her."
 became the source of the show's first bust-up after he kissed Tanya, who is coupled with Shaq, during a raunchy game of beer pong.
David Salako was a late arrival on the show and so dived straight in. During the game he was asked to kiss the girl he fancied the most for 30 seconds - and he picked Tanya.
And that was clearly a bitter pill for Shaq to swallow which is why Haris' comment to David, 24, on how his kiss was with Tanya, left Shaq furious.
Shaq accused Haris, 21, of "‘s**t stirring’" and things escalated quite quickly. The pair had to be pulled apart.
So when it came to re-coupling the other night, David claimed he didn't think it would be him to be left out in the cold.
Breaking his silence over his shock exit, he said: "Obviously you’ve got to go in hoping you have a chance. The four things she said during the re-coupling, I thought were about me, and then she picked Shaq. I was like, that’s wonderful…"
He added: "Me and Tanya did have a good bond. We just found it easy to have a conversation with each other. But maybe that’s all it was between us, just good conversation."


 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 ITV 'axes' quiz show after first series
&copy