Author: Alice Fuller
TWO landlords were fined £83,000 for renting out a Hobbit-sized basement flat with a tiny window facing a wall. 
The illegal below-ground apartment had low ceilings, a tiny kitchen and bathroom with a stairway leading to a bed. 
Birmingham Crown Court heard it got almost no natural light thanks to a window surrounded by bricks, 
 reports. 
It was described as "dark and unpleasant" and should not have been occupied by tenants, it was said. 
On December 15, two men were ordered to pay £67,000 within three months or face 16 months in prison.
They must also each pay £4,000 within two months or face three months behind bars, and another £4,000 in costs to the council. 
The confiscation order will recoup some of the profits the pair made from 
 out the dingy Selly Oak 
. 
Both were previously told to stop letting out the flat by the local authority.
They ignored the order and were subsequently taken to court.
Cllr Martin Brookes, chair of the Birmingham Planning Committee, said the defendants had been given more than enough time. 
"The property was insufficient in size, had insufficient windows and low ceiling height," he added. 
"It was a very unpleasant living environment. 
"With the costs awarded to the city council and the fines taken, the total against these defendants was £83,000.
"This is an important victory for the city and demonstrates how the city is dealing with rogue landlords.
"This is a message that letting out that kind of property is very serious, and the city will take severe action against rogue landlords. 
"This is a warning to these people that letting out unfit properties is not acceptable."
Under the Selective Licensing Scheme, landlords in the city must pay £700 for a licence to prove they are providing adequate accommodation or face criminal action. 
IF your home is not fit to live in, or is mouldy, you can take action against your landlord.
Renters might be able to sue their landlord under the Homes (Fitness for Human Habitation) Act.
It means renters in England and Wales can take their landlords to court over problems including cold, damp and mouldy homes.
The rules apply to new tenancies under seven years; new secure, assured and introductory tenancies; and to tenancies renewed for a fixed term.
Landlords must carry out repairs or fix problems under this law. If they don’t, renters can take them to court.
If the court rules in your favour, it can grant an injunction to force the landlord to carry out work or even award compensation to the tenant.
How much compensation you get for housing disrepair depends on your circumstances and how bad the problem is.
A completely uninhabitable property could get 100% of rent as compensation, but this is incredibly rare.
Usually, compensation will normally be between 25% and 50% of your rent, according to legal experts.
 Supermarket makes huge change to its loyalty scheme -it could help you save cash
 Martin Lewis’ urgent warning over direct debits that could see you paying more
 I visited UK's smallest house - but it's TOO tiny ... I hated it
 Inside Hobbit-sized basement flat with tiny window facing BRICK WALL
&copy