Author: Jessica Lester
LOVE Island fans have labelled new Australian bombshell Aaron Waters a "walking red flag" ahead of his appearance. 
The reality star - who originally rose to fame on the TV series Down Under - is set to appear in the UK version this weekend.
, is set to join his former co-star 
 in the South African villa alongside the British dating hopefuls. 
The star will no doubt cause tempers to boil over when he enters the show tomorrow, turning the girls' heads.
However, fans think they have already got the star sussed, and have labelled him a "walking red flag" ahead of the show. 
Taking to Twitter after he was revealed as a new bombshells, many fumed they would have to "watch him again" after he dumped a girl on his series for "not being blonde".
"Aaron? He’s a walking red flag!! Oh, God! I can’t believe I’m about to watch him again," one said. 
Another chimed in: "Aaron is a whole red flag."
It followed as viewers were certain they had uncovered Aaron's dating secret - after figuring out he had a "type".
Fans predicted it was a foregone conclusion he will couple with 
 at the first opportunity - because she has bright blonde hair and blue eyes. 
"Aaron only likes petite blondes, so he will be talking to Lana," one wrote, as another said: "They got Aaron for Lana."
"He dumped a girl for not being blonde," a third person pointed out of his antics during the Australian series.
While a fourth added: "I just remembered Aaron from love island Australia only dates blondes. With blue eyes so I guess his type to a tee is Lana."
It comes after show 
 about the two new Australian bombshells due to enter the villa.
The "legendary" contestants - already 
 - have flown in from Australia.
The Sun exclusively detailed that two 
However, fans have been left scratching their heads about the international arrivals, after noticing the distance the potential couples would have to face after the show.
"What's the point," one furious fan hit out. "How are you going to find a genuine relationship if one will go back to Australia when the show's done and the other back to the UK."
A second agreed: "I’m sorry but how realistic is it for a UK/Ireland- Australian long distance relationship to work?"
A third said: "This is dumb, half the Islanders post show already can't make long distance work across the UK."
"Pointless unless they live in the UK," a fourth said, while a fifth added: "Because nothing spells success for a new relationship like living a 22-hour flight away."
A sixth said: "Long distance relationships don’t work from London to Manchester, so how is London to Melbourne gonna work..."
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 ITV 'axes' quiz show after first series
&copy