Author: Alex Doyle
KATIE Price fans are all saying the same thing as she poses with her lookalike daughter and sister.
The 
, 44, posed with her daughter Princess and sister Sophie for a snap.
She posted the capture on her Instagram page as she wrote: "I've had such a fun day shooting with @officialprincess_andre @sophie_pricey
"I can't wait for you all to see the pics."
The trio looked glam as they each sported their own jumpers as they opted for a casual look.
But while fans complimented them, they all had the same complaint.
They told the 
 winner that she was using 'too much filter' for her pictures.
In the comments, one fan said: "I can understand you using a filter but Princess doesn't need it, she's beautiful."
Another wrote: "Too much filter! Just be yourselves!"
"The filter overload, can't you think of anything else to do with your lovely daughter than photoshooting," blasted a third fan.
While a fourth posted: "Where would you be without the filter."
Pricey's sister Sophie is rarely captured in the spotlight and tends to keep a low profile unlike her sibling.
Meanwhile, the star has revealed that her eldest son 
 and is targeting a National Television Award after losing out to Kate Garraway twice.
In an interview with 
, Katie revealed documentary three was in the works but stopped short of sharing the title.
And she made it clear they were targeting the prestigious gong on their third attempt.
Katie explained: "In this next documentary, we will again open up our lives to viewers, as Harvey takes the next step into adulthood as he moves out of our family home.
"I want to show our real story about how Harvey and I cope with such a big change in our lives and hopefully help others dealing with similar issues."
Do you have a story for The Sun Showbiz team?
Email 
 or call us direct on 
 .
We pay for videos too. Click 
 to upload yours.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy