Author: Kiro Evans
CHELSEA have some interesting options to spring on Liverpool ahead of their huge clash at Anfield tomorrow. 
The new ownership led by Todd Boehly have not been shy about spending cash with 
 big money signing to join up with the squad. 
He is in line to make his debut tomorrow, while Graham Potter has also announced that 
 has made his way back from Chelsea's lengthy injury list. 
But the game has come too soon for full-backs Reece James and Ben Chilwell who are both back in training but will not be available tomorrow.
All eyes will be on Mudryk when the line-ups are announced with fans keen to see whether Potter will play his new £89m signing from the start. 
Ahead of the game, Potter said: "He hasn't played so much football recently but has been training well. There's a chance [he could make his debut]." 
With Chelsea's post-World Cup performances largely flat, the ex-Brighton boss may turn to the 22-year-old to try and give 
 something to worry about. 
The winger is known for his electric pace which could prove a potential danger for the Reds' high defensive line. 
 for Chelsea and 
, Potter has increasingly turned to young players to fill spots in the line-up. 
Teenager Lewis Hall has impressed at left-back in Chilwell's absence and could continue tomorrow ahead of the out-of-favour 
.
Conor Gallagher and Carney Chukwuemeka will also hope to retain their starting places from last week's 
. 
But it's possible the experienced Mateo Kovacic will be favoured given the high-stakes of the game, while the Mudryk arrival might see Chukwuemeka squeezed onto the bench.
Elsewhere, new signing Benoit Badiashile will likely be trusted to slot in alongside Thiago Silva after his solid debut on Sunday. 
Alternatively, Potter could opt for a back three which he has often done as Blues boss.
In this scenario, Azpilicueta could be recruited to join the defence with Trevoh Chalobah pushed to right-wing back for his speed. 
While Mudryk could have to tuck in as he joins a front three of Mount and Havertz.
The Anfield clash will see two Premier League giants go head to head - but they are 
. 
Chelsea and Liverpool are 10 points off the top four and failure to win for either could signal the end of any hopes of making an unlikely dash for a Champions League space. 
The Blues' struggles come despite the club's incredible spending spree with 
 talent to head for Stamford Bridge. 
 Conte 'to quit Spurs at end of season with club not offering him new deal'
 Man Utd Treble winner looks unrecognisable with huge beard as he poses with beer
 Victoria Beckham gets wrapped up in David's coat while watching Romeo
 Defoe dumped partner called Donna and their dog to date wife Donna
&copy