Author: Felicity Cross
 is married to actor 
, who reached the final of 
 alongside 
 - who is now a judge on the 
.
It means that Carley, 40, is now feeling the squeeze at home.
In a sweet scene that will be screened on Sunday night’s show, Carley says: “My husband Danny did another dance show. He made the final. So, no pressure!
She jokes to Danny, who also appeared on 
: “I need to get further than you did.”
He replied: “It’s hard to get further!”
Carley was one of the 
 soap’s Noughties pin-ups as Stephanie Cunningham until she left in 2010.
Since then she’s gone on to become a big star in the West End, taking lead roles in musicals Shrek and Legally Blonde.
Carley said: “I want to show our daughter that you can do anything if you put your mind to it.
“Since Hollyoaks, I’ve been acting in the West End and I’m also a new mum - I’m trying to juggle everything, it’s all a little bit crazy but it’s amazing.
“I’ve never done live telly before apart from interviews. Performing live, that is scary and that is massive.
“But I love adrenaline and I hope I work well with that adrenaline.
“I’ve done theatre but once it’s done in theatre, it’s gone and it’s not recorded. 
"You might hit a bum note or you might forget a line but it’s done and sometimes the audience doesn’t notice. 
“This is recorded for life and that is a little bit scary!”
Carley will perform for the first time this Sunday, skating a slow number with Dancing on Ice professional
 to Say You Love Me by Jessie Ware.
She is up against comedian 
, Corrie’s
, drag queen 
 and football legend 
.
Carley added: “For me, getting to learn something and hopefully add a string to your bow - I’m extremely grateful to have this opportunity.
“And getting to dance again. I’ve been hungry to dance again and I’m fully aware this is going to be different to dancing but I love performing and to do it in any capacity because it’s in my blood.”
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy