Author: Kate Kulniece
A HOPEFUL romantic has revealed she fakes a Brazilian Butt Lift when heading out for a date.
For many, getting ready for a drinks and dinner involves looking for an 
, doing their 
 and finding the perfect 
 that will make their eyes pop.
But for one woman, who sells 
, dolling up for a would-be Romeo involves another - perhaps more crucial - aspect.
Apart from dressing up, the TikTok user Doja Curves (@
) pops on a fake bum to give her body a curvier look.
The brunette, who has close to 133k fans on 
, uses the BBL shorts to make her hip dips disappear in just seconds, making for more of an hourglass body.
Sharing the hidden garment, Doja explained that this helps greatly with boosting her confidence and claimed that in some cases people have even mistaken her for 
But although she might be living her Kim K dream, people on 
 were less than impressed with this secret shapewear.
Seeing the jaw-dropping Before and After transformation, many insisted she was lying to her dates and that it could be classed as 
.
Others reckoned that Doja first needed to work on her self-esteem and insecurities, with one reminding: ''Hip dips are beautiful too!''
Someone else pointed out: ''But if they like you and not your hip dips are they really worth it?''
Another commented: ''I just go how I truly look. Cuz that’s who I am.''
''Deception? great first impression lol,'' a fourth wasn't a fan of the shorts either.
Doja is not the only one to wear a fake bum whenever she's going out on a date - recently one woman revealed 
.
Sharing her step-by-step guide, Revenge Body (
) said she has to follow certain rules to ensure the lucky guy remains unaware of her little garment.
The first step, she explained in 
, is popping into the bathroom.
''Step 2: hide your fake a** by the cleaning products you know they never use,'' the woman said.
To make sure the man never stumbles upon the garment, she hid them in-between a pile of towels under the sink.
With her bum now back to its natural shape, Revenge Body then switched off the lights - this is so the man wouldn't see the sudden change in her appearance.
After the night has passed, she recommended you wake up before the would-be Romeo, grab the fake bum and leave as soon as possible.
''He will never know,'' the woman wrote in the caption.
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 Sleep expert reveals how to stay warm at night without putting the heating on
 I worked at Tesco and there’s a reason we always try to talk to you at the tills
&copy