Author: Luke Kenton
THE final picture JonBenét Ramsey drew before she was tragically murdered in a despicable crime that remains unsolved has been returned to her dad, John, more than two-and-a-half decades later.
The tragic last sketch is a coloring sheet the six-year-old decorated at the Ramsey family's favorite restaurant in Boulder, Colorado, in December 1996, days before her death.
John Ramsey, 79, revealed the drawing for the first time to The U.S. Sun during a sit-down interview in his home in Utah last month.
Now proudly hanging in one of John's guest bedrooms, the drawing had arrived at his home weeks earlier after his old friend and former business partner, Jay Elowski, told him he had a surprise for him.
Opening the package, John said he was almost moved to tears when he noticed his daughter's signature on the top-left-hand corner, scrawled out in brown crayon.
The Ramsey family were frequent visitors at Pasta Jay's restaurant in Boulder before JonBenét's murder.
They had stopped by the long-standing eatery, which remains in business today, just days before her death, which is when John believes his daughter did the coloring.
For years, it had been hanging on the wall of the restaurant among a myriad of other similar child drawings and doodles, before finding its way into storage.
Upon receiving it, John immediately hung it up on the wall of one of his guest bedrooms, in which a number of other items belonging to his daughter are also on display.
Encased in a gold frame, displayed on a backdrop of gingham, and surrounded by crayons, the drawing sits near a pair of black cowboy boots worn by JonBenét in one of her final pageants.
Her lace-shrouded bible, a pair of bowed dance shoes, and various images of the young girl and her siblings are displayed on a shelf nearby. 
John picked up JonBenét's cowboy boots at one point during The U.S. Sun's interview.
He looked down at the black and white leather boots, stroked them with his thumbs, and let out two sharp exhales of breath as he appeared to be fighting back tears.
John said there's barely a day that goes by that his daughter is not the first thing on his mind when he wakes up in the morning.
"[Time] has pretty much stood still," John said of the 26 years that have passed since his daughter's death.
"When I wake up in the morning and my mind's clear, that's the first place my mind goes, to JonBenét's murder.
"And so I have to get up and get moving, to get on with filling my mind with other more current thoughts."
One thing he's noticed since his daughter's passing, John says, is he can no longer allow himself to be carefree or truly happy.
"First of all, you feel guilty for feeling that way. Like you shouldn't feel that way. So you don't let that emotion temper down," he said.
"It doesn’t rule or ruin my day anymore, but I saw a little girl who was about JonBenét's age holding her dad’s hand walking down the street the other day, and that put a lump in my throat.
"So you get little reminders like that, of what you've lost.
"I met a mother who lost a child, and she told me, 'You know, I feel like I have a hole in my heart and it won't heal.'
"And it doesn't, you don't get over it. You move on, but you're a different person.
"You've been hurt and that's as hurt as you could be by the world."
John's interview with The U.S. Sun came ahead of the 26th anniversary of JonBenét's death, who was found beaten and strangled to death in the family's basement on Dec. 26, 1996.
No arrests have ever been made in the case. For more than a decade, John and his wife, Patsy Ramsey, were considered key suspects, before they were exonerated by the Boulder District Attorney in 2008.
JonBenét's older brother, Burke, who was nine at the time of his sister's death, was never considered a suspect despite rampant speculation in the press.
Desperate for answers in his lifetime, John issued an emotional plea to the culprit responsible, insisting their time to face justice will soon come.
When I wake up in the morning and my mind's clear, that's the first place my mind goes, to JonBenét's murder.
"Well, you've hurt a lot of lives," John said. "And that can't be undone, but you can at least put to rest the hurt that you've inflicted on a lot of people that are totally innocent of any anger you may have for me or for whatever.
"I got a letter the other day from, or an email from, one of JonBenét’s friends, and they were in school together as kindergarteners.
"And she said 'I was thankful I could get ahold of you, I just wanted to tell you that I miss JonBenét. I'm going to be married and I'm going to be a pre-med student.'
"But even her life was affected by this, a little kindergartener having one of her classmates murdered.
"And it would help if we were able to understand why this happened.
"Because that's one of the problems I think people have with something like this that is so horrible that you can't [understand] how could this happen. In sweet little Boulder to a loving family? [You think] 'it can't happen to me'.
"And so there's hundreds and hundreds of people that would benefit from an answer."
John continued: "And I know that the killer obviously is a psychopath. As I've read about it, they have no guilt or sense of remorse. This person obviously, probably fits that category.
"So whether that matters to him or not, who knows? But it's really impacted a lot of people [...] and we need answers."
When asked what he'd say to JonBenét today, if given the chance, John responded he'd simply tell her: "I’m sorry I didn’t protect you."
"That's a dad's job," he continued.
"She knew she was loved, I used to tell her every day, but a father has to protect their children. That needs to be a high priority, but we were just complacent.
"We thought we lived in La La Land with no need to worry [...], but we were wrong."
John has renewed efforts to have the case removed from the jurisdiction of Boulder PD so that fresh eyes can look over the case and better resources applied to the investigation before time for him runs out.
He also recently appealed to the Governor of Colorado, Jared Polis, to instruct BPD to release any DNA evidence they have to a state-of-the-art genealogy lab.
John said identifying the killer will do little to fill the void of JonBenét's absence, though he believes it will help to lift the gray cloud that continues to loom over his children and grandchildren.
But even if an arrest or positive identification of the killer is forthcoming, John said his reputation has been so irrevocably tarnished over the last 26 years by the police and media that he knows doubters will always exist in some capacity.
"There are still people out there who think we're murderers, child murderers," John bluntly stated.
"And I've told people I suppose we could have a killer confess, DNA matched, convicted in prison, and there'd still be five to 10 percent of people that would say, 'Nah, parents put him up to that, they're guilty of this.'
"These are the people that don't believe the moon landing happened or that Elvis isn't really dead.
"You can't convince everybody of the truth. The Bible calls them fools. And it says basically, don't mess with them, you can't confuse them with facts or logic, just keep them out of your life - and that's what I finally accepted."
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy