Author: Jane Matthews
A BEAUTY queen has been rushed to hospital after breaking her neck and pelvis a horror motorway smash.
Darcey Corria, who is currently crowned Miss Wales, remains in hospital with serious injuries. 
The smash happened on a Southern 
 motorway and saw the road was closed for more than three hours.
The 21-year-old, who comes from Barry, has remained at the University Hospital of Wales (UHW) in 
 ever since. 
She has a broken pelvis and two breaks to bones in her neck, it is understood.
She is currently being supported by her family. 
The beauty queen made history last year when she became the first person of colour to win the Wales title in the competition's 70-year history.
Organisers at Miss Wales say they are hopeful Darcey will still be able to compete at Miss World in May.
A spokeswoman said: "Darcey is receiving much love and support from her close family who have been reassured that she is expected to make a full recovery.
"While the accident will have an immediate impact on Darcey’s preparation for Miss World in May, we are hopeful and confident that she will still be able to fly the flag for Wales thanks to her own personal determination, the love and support of her family and the incredible team of medics at UHW."
Darcey, who is a black rights advocate, and has spent time volunteering for Race Equality First.
Her biography for Miss Wales says she aims to "work towards equality for all ethnicities in Wales and empower the women of Wales to chase their dreams".
The M4 eastbound was completely closed for more than three hours as emergency services worked at the scene. 
South Wales 
 said of Thursday's crash: "Because of the nature of the collision it has been necessary to close the carriageway completely while investigations have been continuing.
"A female has been taken to the University Hospital of Wales with what are described as serious injuries." 
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy