Author: Catherine Micallef
WHILE King Charles is officially the monarch of Britain, he is yet to be crowned and celebrated across the UK.
Brits are hoping that they can throw a 
 with an extra 
 for 
's 
.
Brits will get an 
 which will fall on Monday, May 8, 2023 - two days after 
 is crowned at 
.
That means that there will be THREE bonus days off in May 2023.
The day of 
’ Coronation has been confirmed as Saturday, May 6, 2023.
Prime Minister 
 gave the green light as he said: "The Coronation of a new monarch is a unique moment for our country.
"In recognition of this historic occasion, I am pleased to announce an 
 for the whole United Kingdom next year.
"I look forward to seeing people come together to celebrate and pay tribute to King Charles III by taking part in local and national events across the country in his honour."
The tradition is carried forward, from when the UK was given a day off when 
 
.
Cabinet office minister 
 said: "The Coronation combines the sacred and the solemn but it is also celebratory.
“This bank holiday will once again give people across the United Kingdom the opportunity to come together as families and communities to welcome His Majesty to the throne as we mark this important day in our nation’s long history.”
It will be the first coronation in the UK for the past 70 years, will be broadcast live and is expected to be witnessed by millions of people around the world.
On Bank Holiday Monday, The Big Help Out will see people volunteering across the country.
The event will “bring communities together and create a lasting volunteering legacy from the ­Coronation weekend”.
Two parades will take place in central London on Coronation Day: the first of which being The King's Procession where he is taken to Westminster Abbey to be crowned.
A second, grander parade, the Coronation Procession, will see Charles return down the historic half-mile Mall to Buckingham Palace.
These will end with members of the 
— including the newly-crowned 
and his 
 — waving from the balcony at Buckingham Palace.
A blockbuster concert ­featuring global pop icons, who may include 
, 
 and the Spice Girls is also planned at 
's East Lawn on Sunday May 7.
And iconic locations around the UK will also be lit-up with projections, lasers and drone displays as the “centrepiece” of celebrations to mark His Majesty’s Coronation in a very modern way.
And in keeping with the late Queen’s love of community street parties, thousands will be encouraged to take part in 
.
Royal experts reckon the Coronation - spanning Saturday May 6, Sunday May 7 and Monday May 8 - will “dwarf” last year’s 
.
The King and Camilla, The Queen Consort, are expected to be the only royals in both parades.
But the pair, possibly in the Gold State Coach, may be joined by other royals in the second Coronation Parade.
Palace officials declined to say if any formal invites had been sent out or answer ­questions about the likelihood of the Duke and Duchess of Sussex coming over from their
.
Royal commentator Ingrid ­Seward said that she fully expected Harry to attend, despite the recent furore over his book and 
 about 
with
.
She said: “I’m sure Harry will be there. How can he not come to his dad’s Coronation after writing a whole book about forgiveness? I am not so sure about 
.”
However, a senior Royal insider told the 
 it is "unlikely" Harry and Meghan will attend any major public appearances.
Although 
 the moment his mother, 
, his Coronation has not yet happened.
It is scheduled for May 6, 2023, after 
 in September 2022.
King Charles was proclaimed the new sovereign by the special 
 on September 10, 2022.
The Coronation didn't take place in the weeks following The Queen’s death, which is a period of 
.
The Queen's own Coronation was on June 2, 1953, over a year after her accession on February 6, 1952. 
King Charles’ Coronation ceremony itself will take place in Westminster Abbey, in accordance with a 900-year tradition.
The ceremony is set to last about 90 minutes — compared to the late Queen’s 
.
Westminster Abbey is expected to hold around 2,000 guests rather than the 8,000 it did in 1953.
The King is understood to want a 
 in recognition of the rising 
 and a modern 
.
The event will “represent modern Britain” and is expected to be cut down - 
.
The service, conducted by the 
, will be attended by representatives from the Houses of 
, Prime ministers and leading citizens from the 
, as well as other foreign officials.
According to the plans, Charles will take the Coronation oath to "rule according to law, to exercise justice with mercy - promises symbolised by the four swords in the coronation regalia (the Crown Jewels) - and to maintain the Church of England."
He will then be "anointed, blessed and consecrated" by the Archbishop and receive the orb and sceptres.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy