Author: Kristina Behr
In the newest snaps, Kylie sported a hugging black bralette top that hardly contained her busty bosom.
The sexy pics were posted to Poosh's 
 Stories promoting a makeup tutorial for her sister Kourtney Kardashian's website.
Kylie, looking slightly annoyed, is wearing full makeup glam in the photo that shows off her busty bosom. 
The caption on the pic reads: "Kylie's latest makeup tips," with a link to the Poosh website.
Similar photos were posted to Kylie's Instagram page.
Four photos that the 25-year-old placed on her Instagram carousel
 of the Hulu star in her bra.
Two of the selfies were close-up snaps of the Kylie Cosmetics founder's face minus her breasts, while the other two captured her face and hefty cleavage.
In the caption of her photo dump the 
 wrote: "Don't be f**king rude."
Kylie's caption seemed to mock her older sister Kim, 42, since that phrase has been credited to her.
Fans and friends of the beauty mogul flocked to her comment section to praise her bodacious body.
Even Kylie's BFF Anastasia "Stassie" Karanikolaou, 25, also expressed: "That's my wifey."
The sexy photos come after a sudden split from her baby daddy Travis Scott.
In January 2023, it was 
 before the New Year.
According to 
, the 
 because they were in two different places in life.
The famous rapper wanted to "party" and Kylie desired to focus on "her businesses" and their kids 
, four, and 
, 11 months.
The source also said that the pair has never lived together, even though they have children and have been in a relationship for years.
Despite the difficult breakup, Kylie has continued to share sexy thirst trap pics on Instagram.
However, fans recently noticed some of her sexy photos have 
. 
One eagle-eyed follower noticed the change and took to a Kardashian online thread to open up the discussion.
"When did she delete all her story highlights?" they wrote alongside a screenshot of the reality star's profile.
"Fresh start?" one suggested, while a second asked: "For anyone wanna know she deleted all of them today. I wonder why?"
A third guessed: "She may be going through changes, growing up. She’s the age now that Kim was when she started to become famous. Could be rebranding or wanting a cleaner aesthetic and reorganizing her highlights..."
"I think this has something to do with her wanting to rebrand because her and Travis are on bad terms right terms," a fourth claimed.
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy