Author: Chisanga Malata
TYSON FURY jetted off for a winter getaway with his family before beginning preparations for his clash with Oleksandr Usyk.
The reigning WBC heavyweight champion is set to take on the undefeated Ukrainian in a historic undisputed showdown in the spring.
SunSport understands 
is set to begin training for the historic clash in the coming weeks.
But he’s made sure to enjoy some quality time with his family before diving into what will be another gruelling training camp.
Dotting dad Tyson took wife 
 and their six kids to Tenerife for a bit of winter sun.
The Furys were all smiles as they posed for a group photo in the street, with Tyson looking proud as punch of his young family.
Paris documented their mini-break via her Instagram stories, in which she showed their hilarious attempt to get all the kids to smile for a group photo.
She saw the funny side of their failure to get the children looking at the camera, writing “Everyone look” as the caption across both photos.
The Fury family break didn’t last long, though, as they returned to the UK a few days ago.
And Tyson will no doubt be back in the gym on Monday to begin getting in tip-top shape to face 
.
The pair’s mouthwatering clash was expected to take place on March 4 but is now 
.
Co-promoter Frank Warren told talkSPORT: “We’re expecting a couple of offers this week, but none of them have come through and then Tyson has to make his decision.
“I hope it’s going to happen at the end of March, early April, that’s where we’re looking at the moment.
“So, fingers crossed we get it over the line for that date, but it will definitely, definitely happen.”
He added: "We’re very far down the road.
"But there are a couple of things we’ve got to work on.
“We’re trying to get to a point where we can announce it fairly soon and we all think it’s going to happen.”
Fury and Usyk, 34 and 36 respectively, have spent the last few weeks trading verbal jabs on social media.
Former unified heavyweight champion Fury recently told the slick southpaw in an Instagram video: "Tyson Fury here.
"WBC heavyweight number one – get up world champion!
"Usyk, calling out the Gypsy King with your pathetic little callouts, dosser.
"Rabbit. I’m coming for you, rabbit. You’re getting it, rabbit.”
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Eubank Jr left with horrifically swollen eye after Smith demolition
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Ex-Premier League star throws his 'cheating c*** ex's' stuff across garden
&copy