Author: Ryan Parry
MAYA Jama has been hit with a legal demand for the $1million diamond engagement ring given to her by her basketball ace ex-fiancé.
 star 
 got down on one knee to the Love Island host in December 2021 following a whirlwind romance.
But the long-distance relationship hit the rocks last August when 
 decided to focus on her career in the UK — and 
 ace Ben, 26, and Maya, 28, 
 last month.
But the beauty, who last week wowed Love Island fans on her debut appearance with a 
, failed to hand back the huge 
.
And now fuming 6ft 10in Aussie Ben has hit her with a legal letter demanding she return the ring immediately.
A source close to the star said: “Given Ben has never, until now, asked for the ring back, you can appreciate the letter came somewhat as a surprise to Maya.”
They added that she intends to hand it back. And a spokesperson for Maya told The Sun on Sunday last night: “Maya received a request from Ben’s representatives on Friday afternoon, asking her to return the engagement ring that he gave her as a gift last year.
“This was the first time that she has been asked by Ben to return it and, for the avoidance of any doubt, she has never refused to return it. 
"Maya is making arrangements to return the ring to Ben and wishes him all the best.”
A friend of Simmons said: “Ben was really shocked when she left and didn’t give him the ring back. 
"He was madly in love with her and thought it was forever so was really p***ed she didn’t give it back. It cost around $1million and they were engaged less than a year.”
Maya and the US-based NBA star began dating around May 2021 before 
 two months later. 
The relationship was confirmed when they were 
 at the 
 tennis championships in July that year.
Ben 
 in December 2021 — but Maya 
 of their break-up when speaking to The Times this month, saying: “I’m really, really single right now. Newly single. It’s only been a month . . . but it’s nice.”
She had been promoting the new series of 
, saying she had been practising her arrival at the villa.
A source told The Sun on Sunday at the time: “Maya called it off after things came to a head last month.
“She is not going back to 
 now. It’s heartbreaking for both of them, especially as they were so committed to each other.
“They’re both young and want to focus on their careers. Maya has a bright future ahead of her with job offers coming in from all over and is feeling positive.”
They added: “It’s been a difficult time for them. While they both care for each other so much, they truly gave it their all and realise that they just come from two different worlds.
"They now understand they don’t have the time they thought to dedicate to this relationship.
“After many long nights and hours of heartfelt talks, they realised as much as they love each other, their non-stop careers and endless travel have made it incredibly impossible to make it work.”
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy