Author: Matt Wilkinson
 has opted to wear military uniform instead when he is crowned at 
 on May 6.
A source said: “Senior aides think breeches look too dated.”
 wants his 
 to represent the “modern 21st century monarchy” so will not wear old fashioned stockings and breeches.
Although 
, 74, was prepared to put on the garb his grandfather and great-grandfather wore to be crowned, his aides reckon it would look outdated.
But dismissing claims the 
 at Westminster Abbey will be a “scaled down affair”, sources have promised a glittering ceremony that will “knock your socks off”.
There is, however, trouble brewing with the 2,000-strong guest list in the 
 — as only two dozen MPs are set to be invited out of 650.
 and 
 are working together on who gets a ticket — but no decision has yet been taken on whether 
 and wife 
 are invited.
An insider said: “Though some of the more long-winded elements of the Coronation will be moved aside or modernised, the King was happy to wear the breeches and stockings.
“But in discussion with senior aides they are saying he should not wear them, so will arrive in a military uniform instead.
“It is largely to do with modernising the Coronation and stripping away the stuffiness.
“They think having a 74-year-old King arriving in stockings and breeches in 2023 looks too dated. They are probably right.”
Charles’s grandfather 
, great-grandfather 
 and great-great- grandfather King Edward VII are recorded wearing the old-fashioned get-up.
But the tradition is believed to go back even further.
 is expected to arrive in a military uniform, possibly of the Admiral of the Fleet, which he wore to the 
 last May.
He will also be dressed at the ceremony in ermine fur and will wear both the 
 and St Edward’s Crown at different points.
It has not yet been confirmed which crown will be used for 
.
There were claims the ceremony will be “scaled down” compared to his mother’s in 1953, but The Sun understands this is far from the truth.
Another source said: “There is a myth taking hold that it’s going to be smaller. It will be slightly different, but in terms of scale and spectacle it will knock your socks off.”
The King and Queen Consort will be crowned side-by-side in Westminster Abbey on Saturday, May 6 — which is also the fourth birthday of 
 son 
.
To reflect the modern 
, dukes — including Harry if he attends — will no longer have to kneel and swear allegiance.
Only the 
 will carry out the symbolic gesture, it is believed.
The ceremony is set to be cut down from 
 to around 90 minutes to two hours.
And the abbey is expected to hold around 2,000 rather than the 8,000 it did in 1953.
The congregation is set to represent Britain’s diverse ethnic make-up. 
Many of Charles’s charities will be represented.
The number of British politicians, foreign leaders and European royalty will also be kept low, it is understood.
Although the guest list will be managed by the government in discussions with the King’s closest aides, Charles has the power to invite family members.
 has set up a budget, but the King is keen to ensure the ceremony does not appear too lavish at a time of financial uncertainty.
But it will be a spectacular and memorable celebration, it is understood. 
 is also set to reappear on London’s streets.
The procession is planned to be shorter than previous ones, though there will be a flypast while the royals are on the Buckingham Palace balcony.
The Sun understands a slimmed-down guest list means only top Cabinet ministers, senior Privy Councillors and opposition chiefs will likely make the cut.
Bad blood is already simmering after dozens of ex-ministers missed out on a seat at 
 in September.
A Whitehall source said: “There’s going to be a lot of upset when people see the guest list. Lots of political bigwigs will be left watching on TV.”
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 Sleep expert reveals how to stay warm at night without putting the heating on
 I’m a gypsy girl & never go to the toilet in our caravans, it has a different use
 Multi-millionaire on Rich House Poor House pays broke man £50k a year
&copy