Author: Beth Allcock
LOVE Island's Faye Winer has sparked worry among her loyal fans after admitting her health has taken a "battering."
The former estate agent, 27, took to her Instagram page to decompress as she opened up on her state of mind as 
It came after her 
 partner 
 explained her social media absence as she told her followers: "Sorry for the deafening silence but it was needed.
"Last year I took a battering, I took one for most people's team. 
"Even to the point that my physical health took a battering. I just needed two weeks to reset."
She took to her page make-up free, with her hair brushed in an up-style and wearing an oatmeal-colour jumper.
The star's situation will no doubt have been worsened after a cruel
, best known for his time on the 
, also this week took to social media to give a glimpse into his difficult time.
This led fans to put two and two together and speculate a split.
The star posted a selfie alongside the words: "About last week", which showed him teary eyed, sporting an unhappy expression.
Following the image, he posted a series of clips, explaining his reasoning behind the selfie and admitted he was apprehensive in sharing the snap.
He explained: "One of the things I really wanna do this year is practise what you preach."
The star added that he wished to be: "Brave in sharing how I was feeling last week."
"That's why I thought I'd give you guys a bit of an insight into how I've been feeling recently and it's not easy, it's really not easy to obviously share your emotions, it's not easy to wear your heart on your sleeve and announce it."
Teddy went on to say: "One of the biggest reasons why I wanted to put that image of myself on my story was because, to be honest it was not only about helping myself, but it was also about who it could also help in the process as well.
"Because hopefully, you know, there will be someone out there that sees it and thinks, oh, do you know what, I'm feeling the same."
The couple have been plagued with split rumours of late.
Teddy also fuelled suggestions by 
Faye was also seen
Teddy previously 
 they had split after sharing a clip gushing about the "best weekend" they shared together, teasing: "Yo everyone, yo. I've got up super late but I don't care.
"We've had the best weekend. It has been phenomenal, out of this world."
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy