Author: Sukaina Benzakour
HOME and Away actress Rebekah Almaloglou - who played Sophie Simpson - now looks unrecognisable 33 years after her appearance on the Australian soap. 
The actress played the troubled teen in the 
 from 1990 to 1993. 
Her character Sophie was linked to David Croft in 1991 – played by Hollywood heart-throb Guy Pearce.
After being involved in a whirlwind romance, Sophie later became pregnant - and David tragically died in a car accident before getting to meet his daughter. 
After two years, Sophie decided to leave Summer Bay and move to Perth with David's mother to raise her daughter - but she later made return appearances in the soap between 2002 and 2005.
Now, 33 years later, the starlooks unrecognisable in a number of different TV roles that see her play more polished characters.
The actress has recently appeared in various shows, including A Country Practice and Pacific Drive. 
The star looks radiant and appears to have not aged a day in her role as Terese Willis in Neighbours.
Her character developed an on-off relationship with soap villain Paul Robinson until the soap's final episode in 2022.
Last year channel 5 announced that they would be cancelling Neighbours after 37 years on screen.


“Neighbours will no longer air on Channel 5 beyond this summer. It's been a much-loved part of our schedule for more than a decade, and we'd like to thank the cast, Fremantle and all of the production team for their fantastic work on this iconic series,” the network said in an official statement.
Home & Away is celebrating its 35th anniversary later this month. Since 1988 the show has aired more than 7,000 episodes.
Rebecca is active on Instagram, and has 63.9k followers. 
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy