Author: Kate Kulniece
SHOPPERS are racing to their nearest Home Bargains store to bag body sprays that cost under a pound.
 has long been a favourite for many and this time the store hasn't disappointed beauty fans either, as their body sprays hit the shelves.
One of those amazed by the beauty bargains was the savvy shopper Holly Smith (@
) who shared the exciting news to her 570k followers on 
.
And according to her, there's no time to waste, so best get scrambling.
''Guys, you need to run to Home Bargains because these body sprays are amazing!''
Demonstrating the collection of the scented must-haves, Holly added that one of them, Xalien, smells exactly like Alien by Mugler.
The only difference between the two is that the cheaper version costs just 99p whereas the posh one will set you back by roughly £80 for 60ml.
Whilst browsing, Holly also stumbled across a scent named Daisee, which she reckoned was a dupe for Daisy by Marc Jabobs.
If neither of these are your favourites and you much rather prefer the viral Black Opium by Yves Saint Laurent, fear not, as Home Bargains has come out with its own version.
Their body spray Black Poppy is reckoned to be another dupe that won't break the bank.
''Love these!'' Holly exclaimed after spotting the bargain finds.
And of course, fellow beauty fans did not need telling twice - many flocked to comments to tag their pals planning a trip to Home Bargains.
One wrote: ''we will have to make a cheeky trip at the weekend.''
Another added: ''I’ve tried them there so nice.''
''we ain’t walking we are running,'' a third chuckled.
However, not everyone had become obsessed with the products - one TikTok user warned others to not waste their money.
''I have the daisee one and it smells nothing like daisy at all.''
Need more convincing to head to Home Bargains?
Well, fans have been scrambling to get their hands on a popular 
.
Dead Sea Collection’s Mineral Shampoo and Conditioner in their Coconut scent has caused a stir on social media due to its low price tag.
And that’s because in other places, like Amazon and eBay, it usually retails for around £12 – with some online retailers even flogging it for up to £60. 
The shampoo and conditioner is described on the brand’s website as a “moisturising and strengthening Coconut Mineral Shampoo Enriched with Natural Dead Sea Minerals.”
They add that “this advanced shampoo will help to penetrate the hair follicle helping to gently clean, moisturise and strengthen each and every hair leaving it feeling supple, soft and shiny.” 
So it’s no surprise that shoppers have been quick to snap up the bargain from Home Bargains’ shelves and save themselves approximately £10 in the process.
One savvy shopper took to Facebook group Extreme Couponing and Bargains UK to spill the details of her purchase.
Alongside a picture of the Home Bargains’ impressive price tag, she posted a link to a website selling the shampoo and conditioner duo for £60 – although many pointed out that you can get it cheaper on other sites.
She then wrote: “Thank you to the lady that posted these products last week!”
She continued “I found my bargain today. Website £98 (in sale for £60) Home Bargains £1.99.”
Others were quick to comment on her post and congratulate her on her star buy.
While many said they would also be rushing to their local Home Bargains to check it out for themselves.
One person tagged their friend in the post, as they wrote: “If you see these can you grab them please.”
Other beauty fans were also quick to comment, as they said they were already a convert to the product.
They wrote: “I always buy them. Very good products.”
They added: “They do a body scrub which is great too.”
A second said: “I’ve been using these from HB for quite a while now and they’re fantastic.
“Make my hair so soft and shiny.” 
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 I’m a gypsy girl & never go to the toilet in our caravans, it has a different use
 Multi-millionaire on Rich House Poor House pays broke man £50k a year
&copy