Author: Mystic Meg
Feel like you are marking time in love? 
This week is your moment to move forward, as Venus energises your success sector. 
If you’re single, this helps you shake off recent false starts and set your sights on a true soulmate. 
What does your star sign mean for you?
 - The best and worst characteristics of the head of the zodiac
 - The traits you need to know for the air sign
 - What does this star sign mean for your personality?
 - The key traits for the sign include a keen love of food
 - The traits to be aware of for the sign with a symbol of twins
 - The best and worst characteristics of the fire sign
 - What does the seventh star sign mean for your personality?
 - The key traits for the sign include an interest in the arts
 - The traits you need to know for the fire sign
 - What does this star sign mean for your personality?
 - The best and worst characteristics of the earth sign
 - The key traits for the sign include loyalty and kindness
You can meet where travellers swap vehicles. 
If you’re with a partner, talking, together, about how a bond can grow is better than one-sided action. 
Luck waves a yellow hand. 
This can be a key week for work progress, with Wednesday and Friday are especially good.  
Contact old schoolmates on Tuesday.
The colour that reminds you of a favourite relative.  
Music with a long drum solo.  
Cars with personalised plates.
Serve luxury food, but on smaller plates.  
Dance like no one is watching.
Add up big bills again. 
Reply to a local request, offer your time or expertise.
If how love appears to others matters more than how it feels to you, it’s time to change this.  
Be honest about why you seek specific partners, or expect the one you have to behave in a certain way.
Your true heart deserves genuine love, that’s more than skin deep.
Fabulous is the home of horoscopes, with weekly updates on what’s in store for your star sign as well as daily predictions.
You can also use our series of guides to find out everything from which star sign to 
 to what it’s like to 
.
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 Sleep expert reveals how to stay warm at night without putting the heating on
 I worked at Tesco and there’s a reason we always try to talk to you at the tills
&copy