Author: Kevin Quinitchett
Blake Lively, 
, and 
 went on to find even greater success after the show concluded.
Blake Lively graduated from Gossip Girl to star in several movies including:
On September 9, 2012, 
 with her Green Lantern co-star Ryan Reynolds.
The pair have three children together, daughters James, Inez, and Betty.
On September 15, 2022, Blake and Ryan announced that they are expecting a fourth child.
Although Blake's character Serena was best friends with Leighton Meester's Blair, their chemistry on set did not translate to an off-camera friendship.
Regarding Blake and Leighton, Gossip Girl executive producer Joshua Safran revealed to 
: "Blake and Leighton were not friends.
"They were friendly, but they were not friends like Serena and Blair. 
"Yet the second they’d be on set together, it’s as if they were."
Since Gossip Girl ended, 
 went on to appear on Broadway as Curley's wife in Of Mice and Men.
On February 15, 2014, Leighton walked down the aisle with 
 actor 
. 
She has two children with Adam, a daughter named Arlo and a son whose name has yet to be revealed.
Leighton can be seen in episodes of the Hulu spinoff 
.
After Gossip Girl, Penn Badgley switched gears after many years of playing Dan Humphrey on the show. 
For fun, he joined friends Jimmy Giannopoulos, Simon Oscroft, and Darren Will to form the band MOTHXR.
In 2014, 
 and the couple married on February 27, 2017.
On August 11, 2020, the pair welcomed their first child together, a son named James.
The Young and The Restless alum is also a stepfather to Domino's older son named Cassius from a former relationship.
Badgley can be seen as the murderous character 
 in the Netflix mystery thriller 
.
Originally from the United Kingdom, Ed Westwick played bad boy Chuck Bass on the show.
He won the Teen Choice Award for TV villain in 2008 and 2009. 
He was set to star in the BBC comedy White Gold but the production halted after he was investigated for sexual misconduct.
LA prosecutors declined to charge him, citing insufficient evidence after four women came out and accused Westwick of sexual assault.
He starred in the 2021 film Me, You, Madness alongside Louise Linton.
Years following GG's end, Chace Crawford landed a role in the Amazon Prime show The Boys.
Based on the comic book series of the same name, Chance plays the aquatic superhero The Deep.
In June 2020, he reunited with GG co-star Penn Badgley and the two reflected on their days on set together.
While interviewing each other for 
, Chace told Penn: "To go back and open that time capsule, I think there would be some nostalgic value."
Penn also admitted the early episodes are hard to watch, which Chace seemed to agree with and responded: "Buddy, you would have to strap me to a gurney and pop my eyes open like Clockwork Orange.
"It would be interesting to see the first couple, maybe."
Like Badgley, Taylor Momsen took the music route after Gossip Girl ended. 
She fronted the rock group The Pretty Reckless and went on to release three studio albums.
Her new album Death By Rock And Roll was released on February 12, 2021.
She has not acted since the show ended in 2012. 
 role as Vanessa Adams served a number of purposes in Gossip Girl.
The character was introduced as Dan's childhood best friend, and later became Blair's enemy, Jenny's confidant, and Nate's lover.
Westwick and 
 had a short-lived offscreen romance while the show was airing.
The actress went on to appear in Shameless, Ted 2, The Internship, and Two Night Stand.
On January 11, 2021, she and her longtime partner Brad Richardson welcomed their first child, a daughter named Bowie Ella.
Following Bowie's birth, Jessica and Brad became engaged on May 16, 2022.
Jessica can be seen as Commander Talla Keyali in Seth MacFarlane's Hulu series 
.
Rutherford played Lively's mother on the show. 
It was reported that co-star Matthew Settle and Rutherford, who were married onscreen, were dating in real life, but the claims turned out to be false.
She also appeared as another important family matriarch on the Pretty Little Liars spinoff, Pretty Little Liars: The Perfectionists.
Ruphus Humphrey
Settle, who played Dan and Jenny's father, has starred in tv shows and movies since Gossip Girl ended.
He took on the role of Sam Harris in the horror movie The Faith of Anna Waters in 2016. 
The last film Settle starred in was Valentine, where he played legendary U2 frontman Bono back in 2017.
He has two kids, one with his ex-wife Naama Nativ, and another with his longtime girlfriend, Maria Alfonsin. 
Bart Bass
Burke, 60, played Chuck Bass' father on Gossip Girl.
Burke has continued acting after the show came to a close and has had recurring roles on Law & Order, Law & Order: Special Victims Unit, Sex, and the City, and Six Degrees.
In 2021, the actor joined the cast of The Retaliators as Lieutenant Briggs.
The original Gossip Girl can be streamed via HBO Max, Hulu, and Amazon Prime.
All six seasons of the 2007 incarnation of the show are available through the above-mentioned streaming services.
On July 8, 2021, HBO Max began releasing episodes of the Gossip Girl reboot on its platform.
On January 19, 2023, it was announced the platform decided to cancel the reboot after two seasons.
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy