Author: Jessica Lester
ITV has axed one of its quiz shows after just one series.
 - which debuted on the broadcaster last year - is waving goodbye after failing to impress fans. 
Fastest Finger First, hosted by 
, saw five contestants compete for a guaranteed place on the next series of Who Wants To Be A Millionaire. 
The ITV programme ran for just five episodes, selecting the new contestants for Jeremy Clarkson's programme.
However, after just one series - it has been reported that the show has been axed with no set return date. 
 revealed: "The daytime spinoff series to ITV gameshow Who Wants To Be Millionaire is set to be shelved.
"There are no plans for the series to return when Who Wants To Be A Millionaire? returns to the studio in February."
It comes after viewers of the ITV show couldn't resist making a 
.
One episode saw Seb, John and Rachel play against one another to win a place across from 
 on the main show. 
John, from Port Talbot, impressed viewers immediately, making it through to the head-to-head segment.
He then had to face off against the other contestants as they took it in turns to dethrone him in one-to-one rounds.
But after four rounds, John hadn't budged, as his lightning fast fingers were quicker than anyone else and he had made it through to an upcoming episode of Millionaire.
Fans were thrilled for John, but some couldn't help but make X-rated jokes about his skills.
One crudely wrote on Twitter: "The speed of John’s fingers... I bet his wife’s a happy woman!!"
Another added cheekily: "John’s very popular with the girls in Port Talbot, the speed of those fingers I'm not surprised..."
Elsewhere, Anita, 44, left viewers saying the same thing about her 
Eagle-eyed fans of the show pointed out how Anita’s striking purple ensemble was akin to that of the set of the 
 show. 
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy