Author: Keira Clarke
Luna is a mum of two who goes by the name 
 on TikTok. 
Luna has two daughters called Paisley Maeve and Tokyo Leuchia.
The mum of two decided to get a tattoo on her cheek based on the shape of her baby’s head.  
She said in a 
 online: “Come with me to get this gap on my cheek tattooed today.”
Luna said: “So my daughter has this double crown on her head, and basically, I just think of the ace of spades every time I look at it.”
Luna traced the outline of the shape of her baby’s head and sent it over to her tattoo artist. 
Luna even went with her baby to the parlour to get her tattoo. 
She shared the final results with viewers online. 
She said: “This is the overall finished piece. It's one of the smallest that I've got, but definitely one of the most meaningful, and I'm just so happy with it.”
Luna said the tattoo was finished in as little as 20 minutes. 
Luna’s video went viral with over 1.3 million views. 
Some viewers thought the tattoo was a lovely tribute to her daughter. 
One commenter said: “That is such a unique way of having a tribute to your child.”
Another said: ”This is mega cute, what a beautiful meaning too.”
Many viewers didn’t understand why Luna would want a tattoo on her face. 
One user said: “On the face? It’s beautiful ur [your] beautiful but why on the face? Respectfully asking.”
Another said: “Whyyyyyy?”
It’s definitely not the first time Luna has been questioned on her tattoo choices and placements. 
Many viewers have questioned her parenting skills based on her appearance. 
But Luna is not afraid to hit back. In a previous video she said: “No one's skin defines their capabilities as a mother.”
She also said: “She doesn’t know why it’s such a big deal.”
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 I’m a gypsy girl & never go to the toilet in our caravans, it has a different use
 Multi-millionaire on Rich House Poor House pays broke man £50k a year
&copy