Author: Joshua Rom
CHRISTINE MCGUINNESS has admitted that she only left the hose "a handfull of times" after she first married Paddy McGuinness. 
The model opened up about her marriage, where she says that in the first eight years after the wedding she would actively avoid social situations.
, 34, previously announced her split from TV presenter 
, in July 2022. 
But the media personality has now lifted the lid and revealed never before known secrets about her now failed marriage. 
She told Psychologies Magazine that due to her autism, that she only rarely ventured outside the home they shared together. 
The 
 star explained: "I moved to Bolton with Patrick and I didn't know anybody there. He was working away so much, and the most comfortable place for me was to stay at home and wait for him to come back.
"I was making things worse for myself because I ended up too scared to go out. This lasted for around eight years. There was the odd occasion we'd go out together, but you could count them on one hand.
"Patrick just thought I was a home bird, but I was making excuses all the time; whether it was weddings or birthdays, I avoided anything that would have meant socialising and having conversations with people.
After 11 years of marriage, the pair decided to call it quits on their relationship and Christine has since
. 
But despite seemingly moving on with her life, she admitted that she puts up a front for her children. 
The star admits she and the 
 regularly take their children on outings, so they can see their parents getting on. 
"I want the children to be able to see Mummy and Daddy getting along, so we will still have family days out and live in the same home. We're kind of in and out, with our own busy schedules, but we get on.
"We have a bond for life with the children, and I'll always look at Patrick as family.
"We don't want any dramatic changes overnight, so it's going to be a slow process moving forward, and we don't really know what the future holds.
"Our priority is for the children to remain comfortable and happy in a loving family."
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy