Author: Harry Williamson
THE only Wetherspoons in Scotland with a DJ where punters can enjoy HOURS of live music has been revealed.
Spoons pubs are renowned for being different from most pubs because of their lack of music.
While many boozers play some tunes to get an atmosphere, Wetherspoons don't.
But the chain has taken a step away from their traditional move with the introduction of music in some of its pubs.
But there is one Scottish Wetherspoons set apart from the rest - it is the only one in the country to have a DJ.
The Society Room on Glasgow's West George Street is the only one of the pub giant's boozers in Scotland to get the live performers in.
In addition to 104 tables, bargain bites and cheap booze, the city centre pub gets the tunes on at 5pm each night.
And at 9pm, the DJ starts to perform right up until MIDNIGHT - giving pub-goers three hours of music on weekends and some nights of the week.
There have been many suggestions as to why the popular boozers don't play music.
It was once rumoured the pub chain's founder, Tim Martin, read a famous essay by George Orwell called "Perfect Pub" which advised against music with meals.
We previously told how one staff member revealed 
But bosses have taken a step away from the tune-less boozer and allowed music in some of their bars.
Wetherspoons which are Lloyds No. 1 pubs are allowed to play music.
There are over 50 of these pubs across the UK, but the vast majority are in England.
The only other Lloyds No. 1 bar in Scotland is Aberdeen's The Justice Mill, which starts playing music at the same time - but they don't have a DJ.
We recently revealed the BIGGEST Wetherspoons in Scotland - which has with 74 taps and is set in a jaw-dropping venue.
It comes as the world's biggest Spoons was revealed - and it is situated right on the beach.
The Royal Victoria Pavilion in Ramsgate, Kent, was opened by HRH Princess Louise, Duchess of Argyll in 2017.
The Grade II listed building is a former dilapidated pavilion and had been one of the most at-risk Victorian/Edwardian buildings in the land.
It boasts 11,000 square feet of drinking space – including a huge terrace over the beach – and holds 1,500 punters, making it the biggest pub in Europe.
 
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 Sleep expert reveals how to stay warm at night without putting the heating on
 I’m a gypsy girl & never go to the toilet in our caravans, it has a different use
 Multi-millionaire on Rich House Poor House pays broke man £50k a year
&copy