Author: James Liveris
A MCDONALD'S restaurant considered one of the WORST in the world is shutting down for good.
The 
 restaurant in 
 has been visited by cops hundreds of times in the four decades it's been open - including for one fight involving a raccoon.
Peter Crosthwaite, who owns the building, confirmed the 
 did not renew its lease and the restaurant will close in April.
A shocking video from 2013 that went viral online showed an 
 in the restaurant.
More than 15 men were seen throwing blows to each other's jaws, grappling on the floor and launching items at anyone in their path.
One man even pulled out a 
 from his jacket during the altercation.
In 2018 alone, hundreds of emergency calls were made to 
 due to fights and unsavoury customers.
Last year the McDonald's was forced to reduce its operating hours because of its hostile environment.
But the unruly behaviour continued, which ultimately led to Ottawa Police Chief Charles Bordeleau sending a letter to McDonald's Canada about the "ongoing criminal activity and social disorder".
However, building owner Crosthwaite told 
 he believed dipping revenue due to poor infrastructure contributed to the franchise not renewing its lease.
He said: "The city tore up Rideau Street when they put the subway in.
"Then they re-tore it to enhance it, putting curbing in.
"There has also been freedom rallies and COVID, all these things are upheavals that can't make it easy for a steady, reliable operation."
McDonald's Canada has been reached for comment.
In 2018, another clip dubbed "Legendary Rideau McDonald's" gained overnight fame after three men were filmed beating each other with floor signs. 
People brawling in McDonald's is not isolated to Canada, there have also been some shocking incidents in 
.
One worker was captured 
.
Another clip showed 
.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy