Author: Olivia Perl
PICKING one of the best lingerie brands can be overwhelming because you want to know that what you're treating yourself to lives up to your standards.
There are lots of different types to choose from including sheer lingerie, corset lingerie, teddy lingerie, plus size lingerie and everything in between. That's a whole lot of options.
But with all of those options, where should you start?
Well we're big believers that lingerie can look amazing and be comfortable at the same time, so we're not settling for harsh lace and scratchy materials on the most delicate parts of our bodies.
But that doesn't mean it can't be sexy. In fact, we reckon there's nothing quite as sexy as a matching lingerie set (plus it makes you feel like you've got your life together).
We've rounded up the best lingerie brands out there. And just in time for Valentine's Day. You're welcome.
When Rihanna brought Fenty to the market, it created some super positive waves in the world of fashion.
All about being sexy and inclusive, this lingerie is well-made and suitable for a huge range of sizes. We love it.
Boux Avenue is particularly good for bustier women.
Super affordable with prices starting at just £3, there is a good mixture of everyday wear and some pieces that are perfect to reserve for special occasions. 
Coco de Mer is one of the best lingerie brands you'll find for its luxe pieces and pretty designs. 
Anyone heard of the female gaze? Coco de Mer definitely has. Feminine and elegant, its pieces are all about tapping into your female sexuality. 
Lovehoney is on the saucier side when it comes to its sexy lingerie.
This probably isn't the place to head to for everyday wear, but for a special night in, we couldn't recommend it more.
6-30
One of the most famous underwear brands in the world, Victoria's Secret is making its comeback in the world of lingerie.
After years of being criticised for its unrealistic body standards through the VS Fashion Shows (how can anyone forget the VS Angels?) it has now learnt and grown to include plus size lingerie.
Because every body is a beautiful body.
Every woman's secret is that M&S has the most comfortable underwear out there. Seriously.
But just because it's comfortable doesn't mean it's not pretty too. Plus it's affordable so we can't see any downsides here.
Like Lovehoney, Ann Summers is known for being a pretty sexy brand. From sheer lingerie to corset lingerie, it's one of the best lingerie brands out there.
Stock up on suspenders, corsets, bras and pants for really reasonable prices in a huge range of sizes.
ASOS has us covered with practically everything, including lingerie.
There are delicate teddy designs and lacy options in a wide variety of sizes. 
For luxury lingerie that's still sexy, let us direct you to Agent Provocateur.
Despite being expensive, it's one of the best lingerie brands out there for its high quality pieces and unique designs.
Sexy and comfortable, Belle Lingerie is home to a range of great brands.
Pick up a bodysuit or upgrade your bras with sizes up to 40L.
For me? Oh, go on then. Pour Moi is a mid-priced brand that offers wearable and feminine pieces.
Whether you're looking for suspenders and stockings or bra and pants set, Pour Moi will have something, we'd bet on it.
Bluebella is affordable lingerie that looks expensive which is why its one of the best lingerie brands, in our opinion.
We love the Marseille bra and brief set which doubles up as both a day time set and something special for evenings in.
Gilly Hicks lingerie is all about comfort.
An off-set of Abercrombie & Fitch, it's flexible and soft while also looking good.
A luxe option, these girly pieces are sultry in a feminine way.
With sheer lingerie taking a front seat, we would wear this day to day as well as on a special date night.
Corsets, thongs and busty bras are the order of the day at Intimissimi.
Wear all together with suspenders for a super sexy look.
Calvin Klein has some legendary underwear ads with some of the biggest A-Listers out there.
It's sporty and comfortable but still sexy, and if you're into labels, having Calvin Klein tagged on to your underwear shows you're a woman of style.
Dora Larsen is all about accepting your body for exactly how it is and that means no covering up.
It produces a lot of sheer lingerie which we love in bright colours that radiate confidence.
You can literally buy anything on Amazon, generally for pretty good prices.
For example, you can get your hands on this one piece for £6.90. 
Kim Kardashian's ultra successful shapewear brand does some really nice lingerie.
Sexy and comfortable, it moulds to your body, and there are loads of colours available.
If you're looking for a real treat, then head to I.D. Sarrieri.
The Energy Flowers Dress was originally nearly £1500 but in the sale is under £1000. It's a lot of money, but if you're looking for a very very luxurious treat, then it's worth a look.
Lingerie is women's underwear, nightwear and robes. It's often made from lace, satin, silk or other tactile materials because as well as made for being worn at night or underneath your clothes, lingerie is something that is often enjoyed on its own.
First things first, make sure you know the size of your partner's bra (which is the trickier of the two sizings to get right) and clothes size if you're planning on treating them to some lingerie.
You'll notice you might be confronted with a plethora of options for underwear including different bras (we're talking balcony, push up, padded, not padded and more) and a choice of thongs, g-strings, hipsters, cheeky and bikini shapes among others which may feel a little overwhelming.
But our best advice is to notice what she's already wearing. Never seen her in a thong? Opt for bikinis, hipsters or cheeky cuts. And think about the material too - would you like lace riding up all day? If it's not comfortable, she won't want to wear it.
We get it, it's not easy, but a lot of lingerie comes in sets and the brands we've listed above are really good at sexy but comfortable underwear so you can't go too wrong if you opt for one of those.
If you're using a washing machine, make sure all the clips are fastened and everything is placed in a mesh bag for protection.
Use a delicate wash setting, ensuring the water is lukewarm or cool.
Then, once the cycle's finished, hang to dry without tumble drying.
There are lots of places to buy affordable lingerie including ASOS, Ann Summers and Lovehoney.
It's always worth looking out for sales to get more expensive lingerie at accessible prices.
Any item containing a crotch can't be returned once it's been tried on (which we're well on board with because it would be pretty gross if it could be).
You can return bras if they don't fit, but obviously use your judgement and keep everything a hygienic as possible.
 Karcher Window Vac review
 10 best smart thermostats including Nest, Hive and Tado
 Best dog dental chews UK: the best treats to keep your canine's teeth clean
 11 best electric blankets for staying warm without a heater this winter
&copy