Author: Jessica Lester
FANS of The Masked Singer are certain they have unmasked Rubbish as a Top Gear star after two huge clues. 
Viewers of the ITV show flooded Twitter after the latest episode to speculate it was one of the programme's hosts. 
Dozens of fans linked 
 with the masked celebrity after noticing two mammoth clues. 
Paddy, 48, is one of the three presenters on the car show, and previously fronted ITV dating show Take Me Out. 
During his VT, Rubbish told fans watching at home: "I might be a bin, but you can't take me out that easy.
"You're asking, what's your angle? Well, going green is important to me. It's amazing what you can find thrown out.
"I learnt everything I know by copying what I saw on TV."
A second shot saw a formula one car placed on top of the bin, as the celeb said: "It's about re-using."
Taking to Twitter, one fan wrote: "Rubbish is Paddy McGuinness!" as another chimed in: "Rubbish is definitely Paddy McGuinness!!"
A third agreed: "Is Paddy McGuinness too obvious for Rubbish?"
The star went on to perform Kaiser Chiefs hit Ruby for the judges, who was stunned by the celebrities' performance abilities. 
Fans have been 
 since he first appeared on the TV series earlier this month. 
Last week, viewers were convinced that they have worked out the 
. 
Many were left totally convinced that JLS star 
is the man behind the mask.
Many clued up fans have made the link between the green colour of the bin to the JLS star wearing and being associated with the colour green during his time in the boyband.
Each of the members of the group were designated their own colour with Marvin being green.
One fan picked up on this clue, saying: "When I was a little girl I remember I had a doll of Marvin and the box was green.
"After looking it up members of JLS all had their own colours on merchandise/artwork/albums etc and it seems like Marvin was always green. And the colour of Rubbish’s bin, it’s green!"
The superfan of the show also picked up the background bins and their colours which also correlated to the other JLS members' respective colours.
Fans have believed that the character of Rubbish itself is a clue and have pondered if it could be someone whose rise to fame was in the cleaning world.
The rubbish bin is a perfect match for 
 professional cleaning capabilities, fans have predicted.
Another fan theory is that it could possibly be 
, from the Netflix series Tidying Up with Marie Kondo.
Going off the recycling connection, it could also be someone who has a connection to nature and the environment.
Fans are also guessing it could be 
 who likes to upcycle things around the house or one of the stars from 
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy