Author: James Liveris
A NEIGHBOUR has sent a letter slamming the children next door for playing too loudly outside, which has sparked a divided debate online.
A 
 mother-of-three received the letter in the mail and then posted it on 
 to ask for advice.
The hand-written letter was addressed "Dear Neighbour," and outlined the children's behaviour when playing outside.
The letter read: "You may not be aware, but your kids screaming, aggressive yelling, squealing and shouting can be heard all the time.
"Sometimes as early as 6.56am to as late as 10.30pm... every day.
"The basketball bouncing, again from early morning to late night can also be heard loud and clear."
The letter went further to establish people's freedoms.
It read: "Everyone has the right to peacefully enjoy their homes, backyards and holidays.
"Last night's late-night squealing was too much.
"Please keep the noise coming from your backyard and home to a respectful level."
The Melbourne mum posted the letter on Facebook group, Mums Of Boys Australia, and addressed the accusations.
The post read: "The boys wake up around 6.30am and we leave for school and childcare around 7.30am as both my husband and I work all day.
"Typically we're trying to get them out of the house to load up the car or bikes to head to school about this time."
The letter divided opinion online as social media users flocked to share their thoughts.
"A hard one to navigate," a Facebook user said.
"She does not need to justify her children playing," one said.
"Sometimes as early as 6.56am... Clutch your pearls tighter Karen, imagine 6.54am," another said.
However, other parents shared the sentiment of the letter.
"No one should have to deal with your kids other than you," a commenter said.
"Just because you have kids, doesn't give you a right to let them disturb everyone else," one said.
"Having children doesn't make you more entitled than anyone else," another said.
The Melbourne mum said she would approach the neighbour in a non-confrontational way to mediate the issue.
She said: "If construction is allowed, loud traffic, then I'd much rather my kids be outdoors then on a tablet/TV.
"I'll be conscious of those extra four minutes."
Savage neighbour notes have trended on social media gaining plenty of traction online.
One resident complained the kids next door 
.
Another complained about the 
.
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 I’m a gypsy girl & never go to the toilet in our caravans, it has a different use
 Multi-millionaire on Rich House Poor House pays broke man £50k a year
&copy