Author: Gary Stonehouse
The beautiful star - who left 
 in 2012 after six years - has since become an influencer after semi-retiring from the ring.
Former Divas champion Kelly - 
 - regularly 
.
And earlier this week she produced the goods again as snaps emerged of her celebrating turning 36 on January 15.
Revealing her glowing tan, Kelly wore a glitter corset with no underwear as she posed in front of birthday balloons.
She captioned the montage of photos with: “All my birthday wishes are coming true.”
And well-wishes soon started flooding in for the much-loved American.
“Not quite in ur birthday suit but close,” responded one of her followers.
Another asked: “I mean do you even age? Still looking like my childhood crush!”
A fellow fan commented: “Happy birthday to one of the most beautiful Divas ever, love you Kelly Kelly.”
While another said: “Still beautiful, still got it. Happy Birthday!!”
Despite departing WWE 11 years ago, Kelly still returns to the company sporadically - 
 even became the first woman to win the 24/7 title when she pinned Gerald Brisco during her appearance on Raw Reunion in July 2019.
Speaking in 2018, Kelly insisted 
.
She said: "I don’t think I can do it full-time because it’s a lot.
"You’re on the road 300 days a year. It gets to be a lot. I would definitely come back for a run or two.
"I miss the fans, I miss performing. I love doing what I did.
"It’s the most amazing feeling that you’ll ever get, walking through the curtain and having all those people chant your name."
Kelly got engaged to bodybuilder Joe Coba in 2020 and the couple tied the knot on April 9 the following year.
She was previously married Sheldon Souray, an ex-ice hockey star in Canada, in 2016 but the couple announced their divorce in 2017.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Ex-Premier League star throws his 'cheating c*** ex's' stuff across garden
 Southampton and Villa stars FORCED OFF and game delayed after DRONE flies over
&copy