Author: Tony Robertson
MANCHESTER UNITED want to sign England and Tottenham ace Harry Kane, according to reports.
The 
 star is entering the final year of his contract at Tottenham in the summer. 
And that is exactly when 
 are planning to take advantage and seal a stunning swoop for the 29-year-old. 
According to the 
, a new striker is a priority for Erik ten Hag.
As a result, Ten Hag has listed 
 as his number one target for his summer wishlist. 
Kane has scored 15 goals in 20 Premier League games this season. 
This tally puts him behind only Erling Haaland in the golden boot race this season. 
However, Kane fits the profile of striker Ten Hag likes to have leading the line. 
He is robust and is able to contribute in possession by dropping deep and spreading the play - something he has combined with Son Heung-Min for on a record-breaking number of times in the Prem. 
The Mail's report indicates Kane is also open to joining United.
The lack of progress at Spurs has left Kane frustrated, and there is consequently a negative feeling regarding a new deal for him.
And with the added factor of Spurs' Champions League status looking more and more precarious by the week as opposed to United's strengthening hand, it could be a decisive factor. 
But chairman Daniel Levy will not allow Kane to leave on the cheap. 
The minimum price Kane will be allowed to go for will be at least £85million, though this will likely be higher given United are a Prem rival.
Bayern Munich are another interested party and could get a deal on that sort of money, but with Kane now just 62 goals adrift of Alan Shearer's all-time record goalscorer title - a transfer abroad could depend on Kane's individual aspirations.
Should they fail to sign Kane, United will turn to the likes of Napoli's Victor Osimhen or Red Bull Salzburg forward Benjamin Sesko.
The need for a striker is desperately apparent after Cristiano Ronaldo departed the club. 
Wout Weghorst has been brought in on loan for the rest of the season, but all parties recognise this is likely to only be a short-term solution.
 Conte 'to quit Spurs at end of season with club not offering him new deal'
 Ronaldo and Will.i.am dragged into legal battle involving Italian restaurant
 Victoria Beckham gets wrapped up in David's coat while watching Romeo
 Defoe dumped partner called Donna and their dog to date wife Donna
&copy