Author: Ekin Karasin
KOURTNEY Kardashian and Travis Barker have been slammed for their "entitled" behavior while leaving a restaurant in LA.
The Kardashians star, 43, and Blink-182 rocker, 47, came under fire for taking their glasses of wine with them to their car.
The couple was 
 the 
 Bestie Boys art exhibit with their wine, before heading to a restaurant.
The duo - who were joined by 
, 22, and her boyfriend Omer Fedi - left the restaurant still holding their full glasses of wine. 
Critics slammed Kourtney and 
 for not leaving their drinks at the gallery. 
One wrote on Reddit: "Did they seriously walk out of a restaurant with wine glasses... This is giving messy and entitled to the max."
Another posted: "I'm in a town where we're allowed to drink on the streets but you're sure as hell not allowed to have it in glass! Yikes."
A third said it seemed like, "the rules don’t apply to rich people."
"It's v much rich people can do whatever they like," yet another user agreed.
While Kourtney and Travis were slammed for their "entitled" behavior, the Poosh founder has recently been showing off her more down-to-earth side. 
Last week she 
.
She packed Travis a couple of taco shells with lettuce, meat, and cheese wrapped in tinfoil for his long day away from home.
He reposted the sweet meal on his Instagram and wrote: "My wife is the best."
And earlier this week, Kourtney 
 for her family.
The reality star set the table with pretty blue plates for Travis and their blended family.
She served up individual salads for everyone, as well as soup and various dips.
The Hulu star simply captioned the stunning shot, "Family dinner," with love heart and rose emojis.
Kourtney has three children - Mason, 13, Penelope, 10, and Reign, eight.
Travis, meanwhile, is dad to Landon, 19, Alabama, 17, and former stepdaughter Atiana de la Hoya, 23.
While Kourtney is keeping things simple in the kitchen, Kim was ripped for her over-the-top 
 for her 
 birthday bash in October.
At the time, a drink named "A Billionaire's Beverage" was listed on the menu and consisted of Vodka, Curacao Blue, and pineapple juice.
Kylie also 
, who recently shared what she cooks for the beauty mogul on TikTok.
Chef K revealed she often cooks Kylie Chinese chicken salad, as well as banana bread, cookies, and "whatever else Kylie wants."
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy