Author: Phillip McDonald
The makeup mogul and the Astroworld artist recently ended their on-and-off relationship after dating for five years.
The pair share two children; 
, four, and a nearly one-year-old son, 
.
The former couple's little ones were featured in an Instagram post shared over the Thanksgiving holiday that Kylie, 25, recently edited.
Simply captioned, "highlights," the social media post included photos of the Hulu star outside her home with her son on her hip and her daughter walking by her side. 
Another photo depicted Kylie smiling while she relaxed in the yard with her and her rapper ex's youngest child. 
Other snapshots included in the post showed the Keeping Up With the Kardashians alum taking one of her famous mirror selfies and enjoying a swim inside her pool.
One photo that was previously a part of the holiday photo drop that is now noticeably missing was a snap that captured Kylie and Travis, 31, sharing an embrace. 
The TV personality is shown wearing an all-black evening dress while the Antidote artist matches his then-girlfriend in his own all-black ensemble. 
Kardashian fans were quick to point out the revised Instagram post and took to Reddit to discuss the possible meaning behind the change. 
The post was titled: "Has anybody noticed Kylie removed the last picture from the slideshow she posted after Thanksgiving? It was a photo of her and Travis."
One person wrote: "Yeah they are done."
A second fan commented: "I’m starting to think the 'Travis expecting another baby by someone else' rumors might be true with how she’s been handling the breakup."
They continued: "Seems like something big must’ve happened with the way she’s handling it, I don’t recall her being this publicly in her feelings the other times they’ve ended it."
Another commenter agreed, writing: "Right!! I also don’t think she even deleted pictures of Tyga before and even her old pictures with Jordyn are still up on her IG."
"Yes, I think their pics are still up on her IG to this day! She must be really hurt over whatever it is that caused this breakup," added one user.
Earlier this week, 
 leaving fans buzzing with theories about the decision with many arguing that the mom-of-two is attempting to start "fresh" after her and Travis' split.
One eagle-eyed follower noticed the change and took to a popular Kardashian-dedicated Reddit board to open up the discussion.
"She may be going through changes, growing up. She’s the age now that Kim [Kardashian' was when she started to become famous. Could be rebranding or wanting a cleaner aesthetic and reorganizing her highlights..." one person said at the time.
"I think this has something to do with her wanting to rebrand because her and Travis are on bad terms right now," a second speculated.
In January 2023, it was 
 before the New Year.
The 
 was announced in an exclusive from 
.
According to the outlet, the parents parted ways because they were in two different places in life.
Travis wants to "party" and Kylie desires to focus on "her businesses" and their kids Stormi and Aire.
The source also said that the pair has never lived together, even though they have children and have been together for years.
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 ITV 'axes' quiz show after first series
&copy