Author: Joshua Mbu
CRISTIANO RONALDO and former UFC heavyweight champion Franci Ngannou jokingly went face-to-face after meeting in Saudi Arabia on Saturday.
The football icon, 37, 
 after having his contract at Manchester United ripped up following a bombshell interview with Piers Morgan.
In that sit-down chat, 
, while also claiming he does not respect the manager, Erik ten Hag. 
A dismal 
 campaign followed, which saw the five-time Ballon d'Or winner score just once and be benched by hotshot Goncalo Ramos for the knockout stages.
, with Ronaldo departing the pitch in floods of tears.
Long-time rival Lionel 
.
It didn't stop 
's Paris Saint-Germain earlier this week, though.
On Saturday, Ronaldo linked up with 
free agent 
, who left the 
following a contract dispute.
The pair jokingly went face-to-face before hugging it out.
Ngannou, who is still recovering from injury after undergoing surgery to repair the ACL and MCL in his right knee last year, described 37-year-old Ronaldo as "inspirational".
He said on Twitter: "Great talking with the GOAT in Riyadh today. Very inspirational!"
 on Sunday against Ettifaq. 
Ngannou, meanwhile, is mulling over a switch to boxing.
The
 after the WBC heavyweight champ saw off Dillian Whyte inside Wembley.
The pair teased a fight and 2023 is the year it could happen.
Fury name-dropped Ngannou on Saturday.
Speaking to 
, Fury said: "Francis Ngannou, I know you’re out of contract with the UFC.
"Wanna earn some big boy money? Come see the Gypsy King.
“Let’s do a big, big fight for the baddest MF on the planet.
“Let’s kick it up spicy, in a cage, four-ounce gloves, under Queensberry [boxing rules], and let’s have a badass referee like Iron Mike Tyson.
“Did I just sell that to the world?”
 Conte 'to quit Spurs at end of season with club not offering him new deal'
 Man Utd Treble winner looks unrecognisable with huge beard as he poses with beer
 Victoria Beckham gets wrapped up in David's coat while watching Romeo
 Defoe dumped partner called Donna and their dog to date wife Donna
&copy