Author: Chisanga Malata
UFC superstar Conor McGregor reckons he could be "the Joe Rogan" of the Power Slap League.
The newly-launched league - a project of 
 president 
- made its television debut in America this week.
The inaugural episode quickly became the talk of social media, with several of the brutal slaps going viral.
Clips of the contestants being flatlined soon came to the attention of 
, who gave some in-depth analysis of the techniques used by the combatants.
And he reckons he could channel his inner 
 and be a colour commentator for the promotion.
He tweeted: "I could potentially be the Joe Rogan of Power Slap."
Prior to likening himself to the UFC's long-time commentator, McGregor gave his thoughts on the techniques required to be successful in the Slap League.
He said: "If anything, power slap is showing the importance of turning back your shoulder and torquing your torso into the shot.
"'Turning of the hip' potentially the wrong terminology being used.
"Hips less important? Possible also. Turn your shoulder back and torque fully into strike! K.O."
The Notorious also likened a combatant's forward roll after brutally being dropped to the 
.
Tagging the former Tottenham and Leeds striker in his quote tweet, he wrote: "Stablize the hips.
"Turn the shoulder. Torque the torso. KO! Where's my belts and my cash? Yup the Keano fella hahahaja! Classic."
McGregor, 34, is gearing up to make a blockbuster return to the octagon later this year after an 18-month hiatus from the octagon.
The Irishman hasn't set foot inside the cage since 
 in his Las Vegas trilogy fight with 
.
But he's seemingly fighting fit after going through a painstaking rehab and a dramatic body transformation.
Last October, he said: "I'm going to be back soon, hopefully.
"Early 2023 I'm aiming for. Sometime in that first quarter. 
"That will give me a good couple of months [to prepare].
"Once I wrap this up in a couple of days, get the camp going [for] a good couple of months. And get going."
Last November, he said of his comeback: “I’m clear for testing in February.
"I will complete my two tests per USADA & we are booking a fight.”
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Eubank Jr left with horrifically swollen eye after Smith demolition
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Ex-Premier League star throws his 'cheating c*** ex's' stuff across garden
&copy