Author: Neal Baker
DRIVING in the ice can be tricky and making a mistake could result in you being hit with a fine of up to £10,000.
Ice makes for 
It's important to know how it affects you if you're heading out in the car 
.
The following tips will help you 
, which in some cases could be up to £10,000.
If you have to drive at all, check out this list to 
 - or getting 
.
Nipping out 
 may seem like a clever way to make your car comfy and 
But you can 
 if you leave the motor running unattended.
That is because most brokers will refuse to pay out if 
 fail to live up to their "duty of care" — a common clause in contracts.
Michael Lloyd, 
 insurance director, said: "Every 
 that have disappeared off drives.
"The fact is that the keys are the weakest link in the car security chain and leaving your car unattended, unlocked and with the keys in in it is simply inviting it to be stolen.
"If it is ticking over, warming up, it makes the thief’s job very easy.
“Every insurance policy carries with it a ‘duty of care’ which means that you should take reasonable steps to protect your property and not do anything that could avoidably lead to loss or damage.
"And leaving your car with the engine running falls squarely into that category.
"No insurance company will meet a claim where you have left your car open to be stolen."
Every glass panel used to see from and even your head and tail lights need to be 
 to ensure you are within the law.
The RAC adds: "The Highway Code stipulates that if driving in adverse weather conditions you must, by law, be able to see out of every glass panel in your vehicle.
"This is supported by the section 41D of the Road Traffic Act 1988, meaning it is a legal requirement to have a clear view of the road ahead before you set off.
"Failure to do so could incur a fine, but more importantly could place your life, the lives of your passengers and the lives of those around you in danger.
"This also means ensuring your windscreen is 
 on the outside and thoroughly demisted on the inside."
Even your licence plate needs to be free of ice and snow.
Driving without a readable number plate could land you with a £1,000 fine.
Drivers could be accused of purposely trying to avoid the detection of speed cameras by keeping them covered over.
The RAC explains: "In addition, it is also the law that all lights and number plates are clearly visible too."
The AA recommends that drivers have tires with at least 3mm of tread for the winter.
You shouldn't let out your tyres to get more grip as it doesn't work and its not safe.
The AA also recommends thinking about getting winter tyres or all-season tyres, which are made from a special rubber that gives better grip in cold, wet conditions.
You can be fined up to £10,000 for having faulty tyres - or £2,500 per wheel.
You can be fined up to £1,000 for failing to switch your car lights on when you're driving.
Make sure they're all working before you set out on your journey, and turn them on if you have to get out to sort a problem.
If you use fog lights, remember to switch them off when visibility improves so they don’t dazzle other drivers or obscure your brake lights.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy