Author: Jessica Lester
LOVE Island viewers have all said the same thing as Tanyel Revan made a "gross" confession on Unseen Bits. 
The reality TV star sat down for a chat with 
 about disgusting habits when she told him about one "gross" behaviour she does in public swimming pools. 
, and Kai, 24, opened up about some of their bizarre traits as they sat around the swimming pool. 
"Do you pee in the pool?" the brunette asked Kai, to which he said: "I'm not answering that, I don't really go swimming."
"I always p**s in the pool," Tanyel readily admitted as she chowed down on her lunch, leaving Kai shocked. 
"It's just too long to go the bathroom," she added, as Kai hit back: "I'm not standing next to you then, disgusting."
"I'm too scared to wee in this pool," Tanyel concluded.
Viewers at home were left disgusted, and took to Twitter to complain about the "gross" and "rank" behaviour. 
"Nah, p**sing in the pool is rank, Tanyel," one fan said, as another added: "Tanyel, you don't admit to peeing in pools."
"Tanyel p**ses in the pool, disgusting," a third added, while a fourth said: "Tanyel, what the actual f**k?!"
A fifth concluded: "Ew, Tanyel babe why would you say that?"
It comes after it was revealed today that Tanyel has a fiery 
 – and has already brushed-off the advances of a young England football star.
Tanyel, who has 
 a few of the blokes in the villa, has a colourful love life in 
, including getting attention from 
 and 
 rising star 
.
The 19-year-old liked sexy photos he saw of her online. 
They included one on a night out in Manchester when she was wearing high-heels, a small skirt and skimpy blue top.
But the hairstylist is said to have brushed off the footballer. 
One source told The Sun on Sunday: “For those who know her it’s no surprise Tanyel is getting a lot of 
.
"She’s a real flirt. She’s had famous faces like her pictures, including Nile John. But she’d probably eat him for breakfast.”
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 ITV 'axes' quiz show after first series
&copy