Author: Lucy Murgatroyd
SATURDAY Kitchen viewers were left furious over an 'inappropriate' segment during yesterday's show.
Fans weren't impressed after host 
, chefs Ching-He Huang and Mary McCartney and special guest 
 "wasted food" at the table while celebrating the Lunar New Year.
As Ching-He Huang moved the glasses and plates out of the way, she explained the them: "This is a prosperity toss."
She continued: "Everyone has to do this, usually the first course in the restaurant or dinner table..."
The chef told them to use their chopsticks and toss the food up as high as possible in an upward manner.
The dish, which consists of shredded vegetables and smoked salmon, is usually eaten at the Lunar New Year.
However viewers weren't happy with the amount of food that was wasted.
One wrote on Instagram: "What a waste of food considering how expensive it is at the moment 😡."
A second said: "How inappropriate when people are going to food banks, struggling to buy food."
"People struggling to feed their kids and you are pissing about wasting food like this? Poor form that," a third chimed in. 
However, others pointed out that it is a tradition that many people follow.
"It's just some of the noodles and veg on the table. Far more waste in most homes at Christmas. TV gold. Gung Hei Fat Choi!," one said.
Another pointed out: "All the comments about wasting food! Its a traditional meal that is eaten off of the table, hence the reason why they showed it. No food is ever wasted on these shows, so stop with the negative comments."
A third chimed in: "Many many years ago in Singapore I was asked to do this in a restaurant and I thought they were taking the mick 😂 I'm so pleased to see you do this."
"This was always fun in Singapore 🇸🇬 called Lo Hei," a fourth wrote.
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy