Author: Patrizia Rizzo
Recent years of the Rat are: 1924, 1936, 1948, 1960, 1972, 1984, 1996, 2008, 2020.
The Rat is the first sign of the 
.
The animal represents abundance and according to a Chinese myth, it was chosen as the first of the zodiac because of Emperor Jade.
Legend has it that the emperor was hosting a party and claimed that whoever arrived first would hold the spot as number one in the Chinese zodiac.
The Rat tricked the Ox into giving him a ride and just as they arrived at the finish line, the Rat jumped down and landed ahead of Ox, thus being the first to arrive.
The 12 zodiac animals are: Rat, Ox, Tiger, Rabbit, Dragon, Snake, Horse, Goat, Monkey, Rooster, Dog, and Pig. 
A Rat year occurs every 12 years.
2020 is a year of the Rat, starting from January 25th, 2020 and lasting until February 11th, 2021
Some famous Rats are; Lebron James, Eminem, Cameron Diaz and Hugh Grant.
Rats are known to be quick-witted and smart. 
They are also optimistic, energetic and easily likeable by all. 
However, they lack communication skills and may be perceived as rude and cold at times. 
They can also be stingy with their money and hoarders with items. 
Each zodiac sign has its own element: Earth, Wood, Fire, Metal and Water, which add more uniqueness to it.
 Independent, self-confident, virtuous and talented, with a strong sense of teamwork.
 Energetic, brave, quiet, cordial and friendly to their friends, but very strict with themselves. 
Amiable, honest, flexible, modest, serious, with high self-esteem.
 Smart, talented, hot-tempered, jealous, and very self-aware. 
Talkative, shrewd, conservative, and wise.
Rats are most compatible with the Ox, Monkey and Dragon. 
The Rat and the Ox are good compliments to each other in work and life.
Similarly, Rat and Dragon couples will be able to understand each other well, and enjoy success together.
Monkeys and Rats also have the potential to live harmoniously with each other. 
Rats are least compatible with the Horse, Goat, and Rabbit. 
Rats and Horses will clash because of their different natures and the Horse’s impossible high standards.
Goats would be attracted to the Rats money and success and it could lead to superficialness and competition between them. 
Additionally, the Rabbit is a free spirit and will not listen to the Rat’s needs, causing communication problems. 
Colors: Blue, gold, green
Numbers: 2, 3
Flowers: Lily, African violet, alley lily
Colors: Yellow, brown
Numbers: 5, 9
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 I’m a gypsy girl & never go to the toilet in our caravans, it has a different use
 Multi-millionaire on Rich House Poor House pays broke man £50k a year
&copy