Author: Kate Kulniece
OVER the years, people have become obsessed with their teeth and one of those to give her gnashers a new look was Cara Loft.
The photography student, believed to be from 
, paid to have her 
 bleached - but little did she know what was to come.
According to Cara, who shared the horrific story time on 
, the process was so excruciatingly painful, she urged others to steer clear from it.
The procedure, she claimed in 
, took just over an hour and at first didn't give any discomfort.
However, towards the end of the bleaching session, the young student began to experience pain - and unfortunately, it wouldn't leave her any time soon.
''Pain, pain, pain, pain, pain,'' she told her viewers, rating the experience as ''-10/10''.
But despite the irritation and aches, Cara reckoned her new smile was worth it.
''Such a difference!'' she exclaimed whilst showing off the transformation.
However, people on 
 were of a slightly different opinion - they insisted the Before and After teeth looked the exact same.
Thinking that Cara shouldn't even have bothered in the first place, one commented: ''Literally no difference.''
Someone else agreed, writing: ''You probably just damaged your gums for nothing.''
''They literally look the same I’m so sorry you did that for nothing,'' another added.
''Teeth aren’t supposed to be white… it’s normal to have a slight yellow tint,'' a fellow TikTok fan said.
Unfortunately, Cara is not the first one to have her teeth slammed online - recently 
.
Unless you've been living under the rock for the last few years, you will have noticed that veneers have become all the rage.
But one man looking to spruce up his smile with a set of white veneers didn't quite get the response he was expecting.
Revealing the transformation in a
, Dustin (
) - believed to be from 
 - began by showing off his filed down gnashers.
The "before" images of gaps and weirdly sharp 
made for a rather scary look - but he's quick to fix it with veneers.
Posing with a sparkly stud earring and a vinyl puffer jacket, Dustin then revealed his new smile, proudly flashing his fake teeth.
Showing his bright 
, he turned his head so viewers could see what they looked like from all angles.
However, despite appearing pleased with the results, people on 
 were less than impressed.
For the most part, it seems, TikTok fans thought the veneers looked pretty fake and too bright - some even compared them to blinding LED lights.
Writing in German, one person commented: ''It looks like chewing gum in square shape ohhh god no thanks and too bright.''
Someone else thought the teeth looked like piano keys, and a third found a striking resemblance between Dustin and 
 in the 1994 hit move, The Mask.
Another chuckled at the quality, believing it looked rather poor: ''What in the wish app?''
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 I’m a gypsy girl & never go to the toilet in our caravans, it has a different use
 Multi-millionaire on Rich House Poor House pays broke man £50k a year
 Dog expert reveals the breeds he'd never own or allow near his kids
&copy