Author: Simon Boyle
JAMIE and Rebekah Vardy have been left devastated after a huge fire ripped through their farmhouse causing thousands of pounds worth of damage.
Four fire crews tackled the blaze at their Grade II listed £2.5million 
 in Lincolnshire which destroyed the gym of the 
, 36, on Thursday afternoon, following an electrical fault.
It comes just four months after 
, 40, who lost the 
 to rival 
, 36, last year, was 
 in 
 with their 
 after terrifying bushfires ripped through the country.
An insider said: “Jamie and Becky are in bits - especially given the year they have had with the court case.
“The glass shattered all over their lawn and right next to the football pitch which could have resulted in a nasty accident.
“They are still in complete shock but are counting their lucky stars that no one was hurt.”
Posting on her Instagram underneath a picture of two of her children, Becky said: "Every cloud and all that. Thankfully no one was hurt.
"Buildings and contents are replaceable and the kiddies enjoyed the fire engines. Thank you for being so brilliant Lincolnshire Fire and Rescue."
A Lincolnshire Fire and Rescue spokesman said: “The fire resulted in severe damage to 90 per cent of the wooden outbuilding, which was used as a gym and the equipment inside.
“Crews used four breathing apparatus, one hose reel and one thermal imaging camera to extinguish the fire. It was caused by an electrical fault.”
Becky and Jamie were forced to 
 after the location of the former pad became public which caused fans and cranks to wait outside their gates and ring the buzzer.
But the couple still had to install a high-tech security system in their new mansion after they were targeted with death threats and sick online abuse.
Meanwhile, keen horsewoman Becky recently 
 to transform an existing agricultural paddock in the grounds of their home for equestrian use.
Officials gave the go-ahead for a ‘change of use’ of the land into a grazing paddock and stables last August after there were no objections from neighbours.
However the former 
 star was ordered by the local council to keep it for private use only and not run as a commercial business.
 Conte 'to quit Spurs at end of season with club not offering him new deal'
 Man Utd Treble winner looks unrecognisable with huge beard as he poses with beer
 Victoria Beckham gets wrapped up in David's coat while watching Romeo
 Defoe dumped partner called Donna and their dog to date wife Donna
&copy