Author: Olivia Burke
A MASTERCHEF judge has lifted the lid on her Michelin-star method to make your vegetables taste magnificent. 
 says Brits have been 
 all wrong - and she has the answer to making them more appetising. 
The 
-trained chef, who grills contestants on 
, certainly knows her way around the kitchen. 
And she is desperate to pass her extraordinary knowledge on to encourage people to change the way they look at 
. 
But she is taking on ancient cooking traditions in the process, as Poppy insists the typical methods don't create the tastiest 
. 
The 
 star regularly shares tips with her 3.5million followers on 
. 
She rose to culinary fame on the video-sharing platform after losing her job as a junior sous chef when 
 hit in March 2020.
 began working in high-end restaurants at 18, before landing an apprenticeship at Purnell's in 
. 
She quickly rose the ranks and continued her cooking career in 
 - until her employer was forced to cut the apron strings as the pandemic took hold.
The influencer began posting recipe videos online to keep herself busy - which proved popular with food lovers. 
Her overnight success landed her the role of judging the UK's up-and-coming culinary talent on 
 alongside 
.
Fans of Poppy will already be aware of her potato talents - but it seems she has some tricks up her sleeve for other 
 too. 
She revealed that simply adding a few ingredients to your 
 would be a game changer - alongside scrapping the usual cooking method. 
The chef told 
 that roasting your vegetables instead of boiling or steaming them provides an instant upgrade.
Poppy explained: "'A roasted vegetable's best friend is honey. I don't think you can beat honey-roasted parsnips, or carrots. 
"I'd forget the boiling and go straight into the oven with dashings of honey for the perfect accompaniment for any roast."
As well as this, chucking in a compound butter - which is softened and packed with herbs and spices - is an easy way to season and spruce up your 
. 
She continued: "Another best friend of the veg is butter, but you can level this up by adding a 'compound' butter to your veg. 
"This is just pre-mixing your butter with things like garlic, or soft herbs like basil, parsley or rosemary, and then adding this butter to your beans, carrots, or peas after cooking. 
"A delicious topper to take them to the next level."
Providing some more food for thought, Poppy encouraged Brits to "pimp up" their plain peas with some bacon bits. 
But if you're looking for a certain edge at your next dinner party, she recommends adding crumbled feta too. 
The BBC judge said: "Just sautee off your bacon, add your boiled peas, serve up and crumble bits of feta throughout. 
"It's my favourite way to eat peas and makes roasts that little bit fancy."
The chef also shared her ideas for jazzing up kale - without whipping it up in a smoothie.  
She suggested popping it into an airfyer to give it a lovely crisp, before adding lashings of salt and pepper. 
Poppy added: "It makes a delicious added texture to your roast dinner.  
"A bit like when you add crispy seaweed to your plate of Chinese takeaway - trust me on this!"
In wake of her viral fame, Poppy released her own recipe book, Poppy Cooks: The Food You Need in 2021. 
It boasts an entire chapter on how to perfect a 
. 
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 Sleep expert reveals how to stay warm at night without putting the heating on
 I worked at Tesco and there’s a reason we always try to talk to you at the tills
&copy