Author: Keira Clarke
IF you wear makeup you’ll know it stains pretty bad. 
Whilst some products easily come off your clothes with a standard wash some products take a bit more work. 
Two friends have discovered a new hack that helps remove tough makeup from clothes and shared the hack on TikTok.
 is a makeup fan .
She shares makeup and skincare reviews and tutorials online. 
In a recent 
 she shared a hack for getting a makeup stain out of clothes.  
She said: “My friend accidentally put her lipstick in her laundry and it exploded.”
Lauren and her tried traditional methods to try and get the lipstick stain out of the clothes. 
Lauren said: “She tried everything: Micellar water, stain remover, but then we tried a cleansing balm.”
In the end the cleansing balm was the only thing that was able to get rid of the lipstick stain from Lauren’s friend's clothes. 
You can pick up cleansing balms in supermarkets or Boots for as little as £8 for a huge pot and considering the tiny amount Lauren's pal used this would cost just pennies per wash. 
She said: "We were praying so hard cause this was out last idea and oh my gosh it worked like a charm.”
Lauren’s video went viral with over 1.3 million views. 
Many viewers were surprised by the hack.
One commenter said: “Omg tysm I need to try this!!”
A second commenter said: “OMGG THIS HACK.”
Another commenter said: “Yesss I used this to get Jeffree star lipstick out of my friends couch!”
Many commenters shared the other method they used To get rid of makeup stains. 
One commenter said: “I use foam shaving cream.”
A second commenter said: “I've also used brush cleaners.”
Another commenter said: “Dish soap is also a great way to get makeup stains out.”
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 Boyfriend of 23-year-old stuck in kid's body hits back at trolls crying 'creepy'
 Sleep expert reveals how to stay warm at night without putting the heating on
 I worked at Tesco and there’s a reason we always try to talk to you at the tills
&copy