Author: Jorge Hinojosa Mena
A MAN who swapped his diesel BMW for an electric Volvo has said the running cost numbers don't add up.
Steven Smith drove his EV on a 350-mile round trip between 
 to 
, but it cost him more money than using his 19-year-old diesel BMW.
He said the trip usually costs him "around £50 at today's diesel prices, assuming 55mpg and 173.9p a litre, which is the price at my nearest supermarket".
This time Steven was driving a Volvo C40 and he splashed out £88.07 for the same round trip.
We have teamed up with 7days Performance to offer you a special discounted chance to win the amazing cars this week.
Using the code SUN10, you will get 10p off the normal price of 99p.
Speaking to 
, he said: "All in all, I felt relieved to get home, but also like someone had emptied my wallet while I wasn’t looking."
He also said that the long trip in the EV was just too stressful.
"The whole day had been a bit of a brain melt, in all honesty, constantly working out how far I could travel and where the best places to stop were on both legs of the journey."
Steven started his journey at 8 am with the vehicle fully charged at home, which cost him around £20.
"Despite the battery showing 100%, when I was ready to set off, I still only had 180 miles showing for actual range, compared to a theoretical 273, according to Volvo's official claim. 
"In theory, I had barely enough for the 175-mile trip."
Steven took his first charging break at Taunton Dean services on the M5 after travelling for an hour and forty minutes.
He arrived there with a 25% charge and 45 miles still to go.
Steven waited 40 minutes for the battery to charge to 60%, costing £19.62 for another 55 miles.
Unfortunately, he arrived at Bristol 30 minutes later than usual at 11 am, with a 35% charge and a 60-mile range.
The motorist charged his car "very slowly" with a three-pin plug at a relative's house and added 30 miles in seven hours.
This was cheaper, costing him £5.
At 6:45pm he began heading back to Cornwall on a 52% charge and a 90-mile range.
Steven started to stress about the car's range as he made plans to stop at Exeter services, which was 75 miles away, to use their super-fast chargers.
He said: "This was going to be tight, but I was determined to make it, rather than potentially having to stop twice on the way home - I knew the super-fast charger would sort me out if I could get there.
"And, man, the next hour or so was stressful. I arrived - just - at Exeter with a 7% charge, 14 miles range showing. 
"I have to admit that the 20 minutes or so before arriving there were not a pleasant feeling, as the range seemingly got tighter and tighter."
Fortunately, he managed to charge his car in 45 minutes, which brought it up to 84% charge and a 140-mile range.
Shockingly, the quick charge cost him £43.45.
After a long and tiring day, he arrived home at 10:20pm - 50 minutes later than usual, with 25 miles remaining and 16% of battery.
With car insurance quotes depending on so many different factors, it really pays to shop around for the best deal for you. 
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy