Author: Alice Fuller
A GRAN killed her husband of 34 years by stabbing him through the heart three days after Christmas, an inquest opening heard. 
Paul Hanson, 54, died on December 28 after being knifed at his home in West Cowick, East Yorkshire.
The construction site boss, a father and grandfather, was taken to Hull Royal Infirmary but died shortly afterwards.
His wife Teresa Hanson, 54, is charged with his murder.
She appeared before Hull Crown Court earlier this month where she was granted bail.
An inquest into Mr Hanson’s death was opened and adjourned yesterday. 
Family members present were told how a post-mortem showed he died from a single stab would to the chest. 
Detective Chief Inspector Nicola Burnett, of Humberside Police, added: "At 7.05pm on December 28 the ambulance service received a call from a female saying she needed an ambulance.
"Crews turned up and CPR was commenced. 
"The casualty had a single stab wound to his chest.
"He was transported to Hull Royal Infirmary but he was pronounced deceased later that evening. 
"An investigation was launched and a number of inquiries carried out. That is still ongoing. 
"There has been the recovery of digital devices, interviews with the suspect, other witnesses and house-to-house inquiries."
Senior coroner Professor Paul Marks said he could not yet release Mr Hanson’s body as the defence team had requested a second post-mortem on Monday. 
Mrs Hanson, who turned 54 on New Year's Day, appeared in a secure dock at Hull Crown Court on January 3 having previously denied a charge of murder.
The couple had been married for 34 years and pictures have been published of them sitting around a table, accompanied by family thought to be grandchildren.
They were apparently enjoying a Christmas dinner cooked by Mrs Hanson.
A provisional date for a five-day trial has been fixed for June 12. 
Mrs Hanson was granted bail and has to live with her parents in Rawcliffe Bridge, near Goole.
She is on an electronically monitored curfew between 11pm and 6am and had to surrender her passport to the police.
Neighbours described Mr Hanson as a "doting dad and grandad" who would always stop for a chat. 
Other residents described them as a "lovely couple".
Adjourning the inquest, Prof Marks indicated there may be no need to complete the inquest as the four questions a coroner needs to answer – namely who died, where, when and how – would likely be addressed during the criminal trial.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy