Author: Ellie Smitherman
ONE of the country's oldest department stores is closing its doors after 240 years. 
Eve and Ranshaw in Louth, 
, will shut for good on March 4 due to rising 
.
The 
 has been open since 1781 and has been run by the same family for the last three generations. 
The beloved shop started out by becoming one of the first three centres in 
 making flat weave and reversible carpets.
It, like many high street retailers, struggled to bounce back after the pandemic.
Owner Marcus Sandwith said the current pressure brought on by the cost of living means that the store is "no longer viable".
A statement released by the shop said: “It is with a heavy heart that we close after 240 years of service in Louth. We are immensely proud of our shop and its heritage.
“In recent years we have faced some challenging times with changes in customer shopping habits, lockdown closures, rising business costs and the current cost of living crisis.
“We would like to thank all our customers for your business over the years.
“Eve & Ranshaw could not have been as successful as it was without your support and loyalty.
“Thank you for being with our shop in all its ups and downs."
Its online services will stop on January 30 and the shop has urged customers to use gift cards and loyalty points as soon as possible.
The news comes as the UK high street is facing tough times as shoppers spend less in shops due to 
 and costs increasing.
 sales volumes were estimated to have dropped by 1% in December, the second month of decline, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) said today.
The data showed that shopping volumes fell by 3% in 2022 as a whole, compared to a 5.2% increase in 2021.
The proportion of online sales fell to 25.4% in December, from 25.9% the month before.
Several brands collapsed last year after struggling to bounce back from the 
.
Last week stationery chain 
 after lining up administrators.
 also recently fell into administration and is set to close nine restaurants immediately.
The owners of the chain has said the closures will result in the loss of 218 jobs.
 company 
 last year after losing the same battle "many retailers" have been fighting.
Wellies store 
 went under as well.
In December, pub chain Wetherspoons announced it would be 
 after being hit by soaring 
.
Here, The Sun has put together a 
.
Further popular chains including 
 also fell victim to the pandemic.
Online furniture firm 
 towards the end of last year after it failed to find a buyer.
Earlier this week 
 that 20 of its venues will be closing their doors on Mondays and Tuesdays as, due to rising energy bills.
Around 
 are considering reducing trading hours over 
 according to the British Beer and Pub Association.
 Martin Lewis’ urgent warning over direct debits that could see you paying more
 I visited UK's smallest house - but it's TOO tiny ... I hated it
 Exact amount PIP will rise this year - will you be better off?
 Major mobile network to scrap free data roaming in Europe for millions
&copy