Author: Carl Greenwood
CORONATION Street fans all have the same complaint as Stephen Reid kills again.
The murderer - who is played by actor Todd Boyce in the 
 soap - has already killed Leo Thompkins in an effort to hide his financial situation, and tonight he was forced to kill again.
Viewers know that Stephen murdered Leo and then disposed of his body.
He later pretended to be Leo using his mobile phone in an effort to convince Leo’s dad and Jenny Connor that he had moved to Canada.
When Leo’s dad Teddy eventually discovered Leo hadn’t gone to Canada, he returned to Weatherfield to confront Stephen.
But before he could expose him, he was hit by a truck.
Teddy lost his memories - until tonight when he once again confronted Stephen in the factory alone.
In a shocking turn of events, Stephen killed Teddy to keep his secret, by smashing him over the head with an industrial hole punch.
He later gave the murder weapon away to Michael Bailey and stashed Teddy’s body in his car roof box.
Getting Kevin, Tim and Abi to help him lift it onto the car, Stephen was forced to leave it on the street while he cleaned up.
But when he got back he discovered the car gone.
Sarah told him Audrey had taken it back to drive to her friends house in the peaks for an overnight visit.
Stephen had a breakdown but fans all had the same complaint - pointing out that Stephen will be on CCTV - and he really should be caught now.
One wrote: "Surely Underworld would have CCTV, So stupid."
A second said: "#Corrie #Stephen is caught this time."
Another added: "Stephen you clown, banged to rights with the cctv mate."
Whilst a fourth noted: "The man is so dumb, he can’t even fathom that there must be CCTV in the factory."
Meanwhile a fifth commented: "OMG Stephen has killed Teddy and the CCTV has caught him."
And a sixth wrote: "Steven is hanging around like a bad smell far too long now! Time is right to kill him off."
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy