Author: Sophie Swietochowski
A luxury countryside spa with rooms, Moddershall Oaks Retreat offers pure escapism.
The hotel-cum-spa has just launched its first ever overnight wellness retreat, incorporating the best of what it has to offer, from yoga classes and healthy grub to soothing massages and sleep meditations.
Tucked away down a quiet road and engulfed by greenery, the nearest city is 
, about seven miles away.
Driving is best and there is lots of parking on site.
This place is all about relaxation - soothing smells waft down the hallways, pumped out from continuously-burning 
 candles, while guests pad around in their slippers and dressing gowns.
It really is an idyllic spot for a wellness getaway, immersed in nature.
The
has a well-equipped gym downstairs as well as a spin room and room for yoga, kettlebell and HIIT classes upstairs.
Retreat guests will start their day here with vinyasa flow yoga and a pilates class, before tucking into a hearty-plant based lunch. 
For the rest of the day guests can unwind at the spa which features a massive outdoor jacuzzi, sauna, indoor pool, reflexology bath, steam room, sleep room and warm stone beds.
A retreat day ends with a two-course dinner and sleep meditation, followed by a woodland walk and enlightening massage the next morning.
If massages aren't your thing, the spa’s 
 offers glowing facials, sleep-themed treatments and revitalising body scrubs.
You'll have plenty of choice when it comes to dining.
The MADE cafe in the wellness centre is purely plant-based - expect superfood salads loaded with seeds and veggies, acai berry smoothie bowls and a great selection of herbal teas.
The main Oak House restaurant, where retreat guests dine in the evening, offers a varied menu featuring dishes like tempura asparagus, beef roast with all the trimmings and a classic fish and chips.
Inside the spa reception, you'll find a deli that serves homemade cakes, coffee and sandwiches.
There are just 10 modern bedrooms, each of which comes with a smart TV, fluffy spa robes and sliding doors that open onto a private terrace with views of the garden.
They're named "suites" because each has a small living area with table and sofa.
Unlike day guests, overnight visitors and those booked onto the wellness retreat have the luxury of a 30-minute slot in the private garden jacuzzi – we booked ours at night so we could watch the stars flicker against the dark sky. 
An overnight wellness retreat starts from £275pp, based on three people sharing a room and including exercise classes, meals, full use of the spa and a 50-minute massage. 
Ambience spa breaks cost from £175pp for one night's B&B, full use of the spa and gym, plus a two-course dinner.
 to book.
No.
Yes, there is one accessible suite designed for those with limited mobility and wheelchair access.
Looking for a place to stay? For more hotel inspiration 
.
 Inside ‘world’s most beautiful McDonalds’ with stain glass windows & chandelier
 UK seaside town in new Hollywood film is so cool that Americans are moving there
 Why you should always pack a golf ball in your suitcase - even if you don’t play
 The cheap UK break with activities included - for under £100 each a night
&copy