Author: Joshua Mbu
LIVERPOOL are in talks with Roberto Firmino over extending his stay at Anfield, according to reports.
The 31-year-old is in the final six months of his contract with the Reds.
His £35.9million transfer from German side Hoffenheim in 2015 has been a resounding success.
 has helped the club win the 
, 
, an FA Cup and a Carabao Cup.
The Brazil international also has two Champions League runner-up medals, as well as one in the Europa League.
Firmino has scored 107 goals and provided 78 assists in 348 games on Merseyside.
Thirteen of those goal contributions have come this season. 
And according to transfer guru 
, Liverpool would like to hand Firmino an extended stay.
It would only be a short-term extension, but Firmino is happy to stay at the club. 
He said: "It’s fantastic playing high-level football here with great players. 
"I’m happy here and I intend to stay here and help Liverpool."
 manager Jurgen Klopp has also had his say on Firmino's contract.
He said: "They are normal things. What could be the reason from our point of view?
"There is no reason to give too detailed information but when you think a bit, where could it hang? 
"It could be the time, it could be the money or these kinds of things, but it is completely normal.
"Bobby knows the situation here and what we think of him, that's clear. 
"And there is nothing else to say, there is no problem or whatever, it is just the situation. I can't see any kind of problems there.
"He was [so important], he is. I think in the first part of the season we were not flying but Bobby was the only one who played a pretty good season. 
"He was probably the only one who played a kind of normal season in a lot of games, at least."
 Victoria Beckham gets wrapped up in David's coat while watching Romeo
 Defoe dumped partner called Donna and their dog to date wife Donna
 Ex-Premier League star throws his 'cheating c*** ex's' stuff across garden
 Southampton and Villa stars FORCED OFF and game delayed after DRONE flies over
&copy