Author: Brittany Sims
The five-year-old, however, attempted to use a dangerous appliance while making up the concoction of ingredients. 
On Friday night, Chicago and her older sister, North, decided to make smoothies. 
North, nine, filmed the 
, as her voice could be heard in the background. 
"Today, I am making my smoothie," Chicago said to the camera. 
A bunch of ingredients were laid out on the counter and the younger sibling picked out what she wanted. 
The camera then was rested against a wall as the two girls put the ingredients in a bowl.
Chicago selected a bomb pop, dragon fruit, chunks of pineapples, and an Eggo waffle to "make it sweet." 
As she was putting the dragon fruit in, Chicago fell off of the stool she was standing on. 
"You fell!" North said. "Are you ok?"
The young child appeared to be fine though as she popped right back up and continued putting ingredients in the bowl. 
North joked that she should put a tomato in it, but Chicago insisted on "No."
After Chicago had all of her ingredients, she walked to another part of the house to put them into a blender. 
Chicago then started to sing, "Gonna mix the blender!" over and over again until she said: "Done. Bye!"
The next scene showed her putting rainbow sprinkles into the blender, along with her other ingredients. 
She spilled them on the floor as she transferred them from the container to the blender. 
A friend of North's helped Chicago put the blender on the base. 
Chicago put the lid on and pressed the buttons on the machine, however. 
In the next scene, she put milk in it and mixed it up more.
At the end, Chicago cleaned up her mess and then put more sprinkles on top before drinking it. 
She seemed satisfied as she walked away with the drink in her hand. 
North and Chicago's mom Kim, 42, was not spotted at all in the video.  
This isn't the first time Chicago has made an appearance on  TikTok.
The same night, North made milkshakes with Chicago and Psalm- wrecking havoc in the kitchen while making the drinks. 
North posted a wild TikTok of the trio making a mess in Kim's spotless 
.
North started off the video by standing in front of the camera with Chicago, and Psalm, three.
The preteen then helped her siblings pour ice cream, milk, chocolate sauce, and whipped cream into the glasses.
Things took a turn when North squirted the whipped cream in Chicago's mouth.
They cackled as the cream exploded into the air, going all over the laughing tot's face and top.
North tried to aim the canister in Psalm's mouth, but he recoiled, prompting his sister to ask: "Why are you scared?"
The trio finished off their milkshakes with extra chocolate sauce on top and rainbow sprinkles.
Chicago and Psalm sang, "Rainbow sprinkles, rainbow!" as North danced wildly in the background.
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy