Author: Ethan Singh
RESIDENTS have slammed a neighbour who decided to build an "eyesore" fence that resembles a "sheep pen" in the garden.
The Victorian property in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, is shared by four people with one communal outside area.
Despite this, a resident bizarrely decided to fence off her own section in the back garden, 
The 1.8m high fence divides the area and has been slated by neighbours as an "eyesore" and "sheep pen".
The fence has meant the communal bin store has been moved, causing inconvenience and frustration for other residents, especially those who are elderly.
Alice Reeve, a resident who lives with her elderly Mum said: "My mother and I have lived here for 35 years.
"It's a property of interest. It's a beautiful Victorian building which looks out onto Pittville park.
"It's always been the case that the flats share the garden at the back. It's always worked over the years - it's a very open space."
Alice went on to explain that the troublesome resident moved in around five years ago and immediately made her intentions to have increased privacy clear.
She said: "Over lockdown I analysed it and thought, this isn't going to work. It's such a beautiful property and I knew it wasn't going to work.
"She wants privacy but that's absolutely ridiculous. I can look out of my bedroom window and see into 'her garden'.
"I could also just look over the fence, so it doesn't give her any privacy really."
According to Alice, the ordeal has equally affected the other occupiers of the house.
"It's the poor neighbours that I feel sorry for," she explained.
"Their kitchen window now looks out onto the fence. The basement flat also now just has a view of the fence.
"I've heard people call it a depressing eyesore, a sheep pen and that sort of thing. It is absolutely horrendous and all the neighbours have screamed about it."
Alice said that the inconvenience caused by the shed has forced her and other residents to object to building plans.
"The drive is so long, and the food bins are heavy. At the end of the day we just want to get it out and it's a part of every day life," she added.
Her mum, Annie, has been equally shocked and "disappointed" by the saga. 
She said: "I am so disappointed in her - that's how I feel. She can actually do this to vulnerable people.
"To me I think there's greed attached to it all. I've called it a sheep pen!
"I've lived here for 35 years and things like this just don't happen. It's a bit of a shock."


The fence was erected after a planning application to the local council was approved despite Alice and two other flats objecting.
The residents of four said that "the proposed fence would be an absolute eyesore" while those living in Flat two were "staggered" that the resident could get her project approved.
Unbelievably, their housemate also filed a second application for the "erection of garden shed to rear of existing garage" which all three residents unanimously objected to once more.
The resident who built the fence was approached but refused to comment.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy