Author: Mystic Meg
♈ ARIES
A world of contacts and confidence is opening up – you have an innate skill for selecting the perfect people to support and challenge you.
This can include getting involved in a local effort linked to global good.
In love, decide what commitment means, then make it happen.
New passion links to a new name.
 
Your success sector is primed for progress – it can feel good to jettison old goals and choose new targets.
Meanwhile, the sun gets to work, introducing intriguing new faces and names.
You’re learning fast in love and are ready to mix forgiveness into fierceness.
Single? You’ll pass The One twice in one day.
What does your star sign mean for you?
 - The best and worst characteristics of the head of the zodiac
 - The traits you need to know for the air sign
 - What does this star sign mean for your personality?
 - The key traits for the sign include a keen love of food
 - The traits to be aware of for the sign with a symbol of twins
 - The best and worst characteristics of the fire sign
 - What does the seventh star sign mean for your personality?
 - The key traits for the sign include an interest in the arts
 - The traits you need to know for the fire sign
 - What does this star sign mean for your personality?
 - The best and worst characteristics of the earth sign
 - The key traits for the sign include loyalty and kindness
Your mind and body are so in tune, you can walk away from experiences – or people – you know aren’t good for you.
Tough family words will hit the mark, so be ready to back yourself up.
If you’re attached, passion is all about connection, so do find more together time.
Single? New love wears a peaked cap.
Your deepest emotional centre wakes up with the new moon – it’s time to set feelings free.
Relationships may be tested, but they’ll flourish.
New “D” passion starts in a positive way, when you hold nothing back.
Neptune revives study or career applications, so however long you’ve left it, it’s not too late.
Commitment confidence is your key chart strand – and if you’re not receiving the love or loyalty you need, ask for it.
If you’re still looking, close your eyes and you’ll see an image of the perfect partner.
A new team linked to sport revives old ambition.
The sun and moon reverse a family decision-making process.
Taking your lead from the new moon, one health change can unlock a new you – as long as it is consistent.
Be sure you can follow through before you sign up.
In love, too, only promise what you can deliver.
You’re in a league of your own when it comes to organisation – those above and below will notice.
A chart of pure romance updates love with surprises. Single?
You can fall in seconds for an original thinker, and dresser, with a quirky sense of humour.
Spending time outside, with a focus on breathing deeply, calms and clears your mind.
The best next work, or health, move is obvious.
“R” sport is your prize-finder.
You’re more ready than you believe to let your guard down.
Take the first steps on that path you’ve been thinking about.
Passion-wise, a group linked to art, music, or design can include your soulmate.
Existing partners deepen love by building on friendship, taking pressure off.
The traditional dates used by 
 for each sign are below.
A selection of fabulous Sagittarius aspects come together as your sector of confidence and self-expression glows.
Saying the same words in a new way can change everything.
At home, you’re ready to lead – but only in your own caring way.
Cash chances you assumed missed are waiting for you, look again.
Tonight’s new moon reinforces your sense of your worth – you’ll feel it straight away.
Trust your instincts, push your ideas.
But also do your own research and ask your own questions.
If you’re with a partner, show love even if you don’t always feel it, and a crisis can pass.
Single? A simple silver initial is a clue.
So many positive and negative thoughts originate in your mind.
Taking control of these is your personal breakthrough. Instead, the moon and sun help you maintain faith in your abilities, and right to success.
“S” is a key factor in this, going forward. If you’ve kept property hopes a secret, now you can share.
A Pluto prompt urges you to revisit the past, find ways to complete difficult conversations or challenges.
The names closest to you are changing, but this can be for the best.
In passion, there’s an attraction aura surrounding you that draws love your way.
Partners old and new surrender to your charms.
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 Sleep expert reveals how to stay warm at night without putting the heating on
 I worked at Tesco and there’s a reason we always try to talk to you at the tills
&copy