Author: Louis Regan
FROM the outside, this tiny pink store looks like a sweet charity shop, perfect to snap up a deal.
But inside - among neatly segregated colour pallets - it hides a secret that would leave most shoppers excitedly pulling out their wallets. 
The newly open Mind charity shop on Soho's Carnaby Street is one of the most lavish - and expensive - in Britain - selling everything from Chanel to Manolo Blahnik for a fraction of the retail cost.
And it means shoppers can bag amazing bargains - saving hundreds on luxury brands.
The shop's prized possession - a sleek Chanel leather dress - is on sale for £495 pounds but retails at upwards of £1,000.
And a pair of fancy Manolo Blahnik heels - retailing at over £900 - are up for sale for just £90.
The cheapest items to be found in the shop range between £10-£12 pounds for T-shirts and shirts. 
Products from Topman and Cos offer an inexpensive alternative to the swanky designer names. 
Then, a steep walk downstairs transports you to the store's quirky changing room area. 
The colour coding is thrown out and the layout is heady. Sherpa tub chairs, a turntable, and a smattering of house plants make up just a few features.
The shop has been a hit since its opening.
One shopper said: “I love visiting charity shops and I try to buy second hand whenever I can.
"It’s definitely unique and if I was looking for a present for someone special, I would definitely come here.”
Another shopper was shocked to find out it was a 
.
She said: “I didn’t buy anything but it is very lovely. And honestly I didn’t even realise it was a charity shop until I walked out and saw the Mind logo.”
The Mind charity have over 160 charity shops across England and Wales, all doing valuable work to fund mental health support services and provide support to those suffering with 
.  
Its latest opening is its most eye-catching, but it's layout and in-house products are the exception rather than the rule. 
Director of Retail at 
 discusses how that could be the root of its popularity. 
He told The Sun:  "The Mind shop in Carnaby is a unique, boutique shop on one of London’s most iconic streets - the perfect place for shoppers who are thrifty and love to find a hidden designer garment or vintage treasure. 
"Since it opened in October 2022, our customers have consistently told us how the store represents great value for money, with designer items on sale for a fraction of their usual retail cost.
“When you visit one of our shops to buy any item you’re helping us to be there for even more people who need us, at a time when our mental health is really under pressure."
If you, or anyone you know, needs help dealing with mental health problems, the following organisations provide support:
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 I’m a gypsy girl & never go to the toilet in our caravans, it has a different use
 Multi-millionaire on Rich House Poor House pays broke man £50k a year
&copy