Author: Kieran Ahuja
AS we head into 2023, resolutions and good intentions for the new year are are at their strongest, which for many includes cutting back on booze after the excesses of Christmas. But how do you choose the best alcohol-free drinks for Dry January?
Whereas only a few years ago your choice was limited, now there’s an abundance of alcohol-free or low-alcohol drinks on the market, including beers, wines, spirits, ciders and grown-up soft drinks such as Kombucha.
As well as an increase in the range of alcohol-free drinks, there’s also been an increase in the number of people buying them. It may have started with Dry January for many, but there’s a whole sober movement going on, with many people turning their backs on alcohol because of its detrimental effects on health – it’s a depressant, causes and worsens anxiety, is bad for your liver, brain and skin, and can cause headaches, among many other negatives.
Soft drinks and fruit juice are all very well, but after a while they’re just too sweet, or you simply want a different type of flavour – alcohol-free drinks solve that problem.
However, if you’re expecting them to taste exactly the same as their alcoholic counterparts, then you’re likely to be disappointed. There’s something missing in them – and that of course is the alcohol kick.
So for example, zero alcohol gin will have the aroma and flavour of gin, but it will taste slightly different because there’s no alcohol in it. This is a good thing, as manufacturers have had to try harder to create a drink that stands tall among its alcoholic competitors – the bar has been raised and there have been many outstanding alcohol-free drinks emerge as a result.
When you’re kicking alcohol, whether that be for Dry January or longer, one way to soften the shock is to make a show of your replacement – if you’re drinking wine then drink from a beautiful wine glass, or if you’re drinking spirits add garnish in the way you would have done if it was the real thing. Janey Lee Grace, founder of 
, advises keep the ritual, change the ingredients. And that makes a lot of sense.
It's estimated that almost nine million (one in seven) UK adults will take part in Dry January, so if you’re one of them, you’re thinking of giving up the booze for good, or you’re merely sober curious, then check out our reviewer's list of the best alcohol-free drinks available. There’s so much to choose from and you’re bound to find one to suit you.
This IPA contains just 0.3% alcohol and is full of flavour. It's a pilsner malt with Azacca, Citra and Amarillo hops, and it's suitable for vegans.
I tried this for the first time recently and it’s lovely – pale in colour and refreshing. I prefer it cool rather than cold from the fridge, and it doesn’t make me feel bloated like lager often does. This could easily become one of my favourite drinks, even though I’m generally more of a wine than beer girl.
As an aside, the artwork on the can is amazing!
Everything about Noughty screams sophistication; the satisfyingly loud pop when you open the bottle, the dark green glass of the bottle itself, and even the raised detail of the label.
Best of all though is the taste. It is amazing!
This dealcoholized sparkling wine is full of fizz so is great for celebrations. The flavour is dry, which I love, and to me it really tastes like wine.
It's suitable for vegans and also available in a rosé version, which is also high on my favourites’ list.
This alcohol-free white wine is one of my favourites.
It’s lovely and dry, but has a great flavour. It has the same mouth feel as a wine containing alcohol and a fresh, crisp fragrance. Definitely one to try if you’re new to the alcohol-free sector.
It has no artificial sweeteners or additives either.
McGuigan also does a chardonnay, sparkling white wine, and a shiraz. All of which are on my list to try.
Serve cold from the fridge in your favourite wine glass.
This beer is very moreish – it has a deep, malty flavour and tastes great.
Apparently it’s brewed using an innovative dry-hop method rarely used in low alcohol brewing and it’s the blend of citrus hops and speciality malts that create the rich flavour.
For me, it doesn’t taste like a lager, but it’s not like a real ale either. I couldn’t tell it didn’t have alcohol in it and I really like it.
This would be a great introduction to alcohol-free beer for cynical regular beer drinkers.
A sparkling drink crafted with green tea from China and flavoured with jasmine blossoms.
If you’re a fan of jasmine tea then you’re going to love this – it’s fragrant, heady almost with a deep jasmine flavour, but light enough to enjoy as you would a glass of sparkling wine.
I shared this with my daughter and we both loved it; we are fans of jasmine tea after food, so it was great to try it as a standalone drink.
Dry yet fresh and definitely one to buy in the future.
I love the fruity taste of this zero-alcohol rum-type spirit and the promise it gives of sunny days to come.
It goes great with ginger ale, but I also tried it on its own and with tonic, both of which worked as well.
My next step is to try it in cocktails in place of regular rum.
If you’re more of a gin drinker then try the Light & Zesty version, which has a citrussy flavour and contains pineapple and Inca berries (a type of physalis).
Both versions contain no artificial sweeteners or flavourings and a sugar free. They’re also vegan.
This award-winning sparkling white wine is ideal for celebrations when you need an alcohol-free alternative to Champagne. Alternatively, it’s a great drink for any time, just because you like it.
It’s dry, has a great fresh taste and has lots of bubbles that importantly don’t fade to flat in the glass. This is definitely one of my favourite alcohol-free sparkling wines.
Add Lyre’s Italian Spritz and soda for a vivid orange, zero alcohol Amalfi Spritz – yummy.
Upon opening the bottle of Mahala I got the unmistakeable fragrance of cloves, which I love, so I knew I was going to like this.
I was right – it’s great with tonic and I’m told, goes well with ginger ale also, though I’ve yet to try it that way. I found it’s not one you can drink on its own though.
Mahala has been triple distilled and besides cloves, also contains peppercorns, cassia bark and orange.
The name means free in Zulu and as well as being alcohol-free, the spirit is gluten-free and has no sugar, artificial flavourings of colourings.
It’s also suitable for vegans.
Sentia Gaba Spirit has been created from a mixture of botanicals that are said to boost Gaba activity in the body. The neurotransmitter helps us relax and reduces anxiety – much in the way alcohol does – but without the alcohol.
I tried the red and black versions. My favourite is the red – it’s fruity, but with a spicy kick, and it’s lovely on its own over ice, or with tonic. It has a depth of flavour I really like.
Serving suggestions I have yet to try include grapefruit juice and passionfruit puree for a Sentia Sun, cranberry and orange juices, and for a Sentia Sour, lemon juice, agave and grapefruit bitters – definitely next on my list.
This is another new taste I’ve discovered over the course of my research and one I’ll be returning to going forwards; this lager is refreshing and bubbly without being overly gassy.
I love the flavour – and the fact there’s only 66 calories in a bottle is a big bonus. It’s brewed in East London according to Bavarian traditions and is a World Beer Awards medal winner.
Nirvana also brews a 
, 
, 
 and 
 – all of which I can’t wait to try.
If the thought of alcohol-free wine, beer or spirits doesn’t grab you then you should try kombucha.
Kombucha is a grown-up alternative to alcohol, which is based on fermented tea with live cultures that are great for your gut.
This sparkling version comes in a wine bottle and has a cork that opens with a satisfying ‘pop’ so it both looks and sounds the part.
It also tastes lovely. I’m a kombucha fan anyway but this one is infused with elderflower and white rose petals, which adds a delicate extra layer of flavour.
I loved this. The gentle blush colour belied the robustness of the bubbles and the flavour was dry, but not too sharp.
It’s produced by a small winery near Barcelona in Spain – Cava country – and it’s made from organic grapes.
Great as a celebratory fizz at any time!
Suitable for vegans.
Craft beer maker Athletic Brewing Co is dedicated to the cause of alcohol-free beer and has launched a number of varieties and styles.
I particularly like Upside Dawn, though I’ve also tried Run Wild IPA and All Out Extra Dark, both of which are good in different ways.
Upside Dawn has a light golden colour and is not too gassy. The flavour is fresh and sharp almost, and it leaves a pleasantly bitter aftertaste.
It’s not as heavy as some I’ve tasted, but it’s not watery either. Very drinkable.
Suitable for vegans.
This sparkling white wine is light and fruity, and very drinkable – it would be a good introduction to alcohol-free for those wanting to try Dry January for the first time.
Lovely chilled in the fridge before drinking. It wasn’t quite dry enough for me, but I enjoyed it nonetheless.
Suitable for vegans. Also available in a Sparkling Rosé version.
This zero-alcohol distilled spirit is from craft gin maker Conker. It contains basil, mint, thyme, tarragon and patchouli, so I was surprised at the aniseed flavour that hit me when I first tasted it.
It was a pleasant surprise though and a little further reading revealed it does indeed include anise, which adds a warmth to the drink that I think suits it.
Bowser Leaf goes great with tonic. It’s also free of artificial flavours and sweeteners, as well as sugar.
Another contender in my favourite sparkling wine stakes, This Italian prosecco is made from the must of Glera grapes and has a refreshing, crisp taste. It’s dry, but fruity at the same time and is very drinkable.
Hailing from Treviso in northern Italy, it takes its name from the province’s motto ‘gioiosa et amorosa’, which means 'joyous and amorous'. It certainly makes me happy.
The price point is also good so you don’t have to save it for special occasions.
This is one of the new generation of alcohol-free spirits that has an identity in its own right and makes no apologies for its eschewing of alcohol.
It is flavoursome and contains ingredients native to Cornwall, such as rock samphire and sage, as well as Cornish sea salt and lemon. I find it works particularly well with cold tonic water, which enhances its almost bitter edginess.
Refreshing and different, I love the picture it paints of windswept shores, outdoor living, miles of sandy beach, and warm and sunny weather. Roll on summer!
When I drank alcohol, Freixenet was my favourite sparkling wine because of its in-your-face bubbles, big personality and robust flavour. It had everything I wanted from a cava – and the alcohol-free version I’m delighted to say, is the same.
Although it’s available as both rosé and white, I prefer the former. The white is good too, but the rosé, is tangy, very fizzy, fruity and dry – everything I love in my cava.
This is another one that comes in at a good price point, and it's suitable for vegans.
Fans of Whitley Neill’s Raspberry Gin are in for a treat with this alcohol-free version. I tried it for the first time over Christmas and it is quite delicious.
First off, when you taste an alcohol-free gin straight, don’t expect the kick – remember that the alcohol has been taken away. However, what you do get is the real flavour of the botanicals coming through. This one as you would expect, tastes of fresh raspberries but there’s a bitter push of juniper behind it, which stops it being overly sweet.
Add tonic and it really comes into its own. The tang added by the mixer creates the taste you expect from gin and tonic, and for me, the missing alcohol is no miss at all.
If you're not a fan of raspberry, you might prefer the 
 also available from Master of Malt.
This had a slightly bitter taste that was softened somewhat by chilling in the fridge for a couple of hours. It’s fruity and tangy – a still white rather than my usual fizzy – but it made a welcome change.
I did notice that this one was missing the alcohol, which when it comes to sparkling wine, I don’t really notice at all. Still, it looks like wine and the grown-up taste makes for a good alternative to soft drinks if you’re staying off the alcohol.
Upon pouring this dark alcohol-free spirit, you’re greeted by the heady aromas of coffee and chocolate – delicious! It also brings a warmth to the back of your throat that I’ve not found with other non-alcoholic drinks.
Taste it neat over ice and you’ll get the full flavour of coffee beans and spices in your glass. However, however, if you mix it with 
, add a shot of espresso and vanilla syrup, and you have an amazing 
.
 
 
This tasted heavier than the other pale ales I tried and it had an almost ‘toasty’ flavour, which, though different to what I’m used to, was nonetheless pleasant.
A friend who knows his pale ales declared it tasted like the regular alcohol version and he loved it.
It has the citrus taste of Citra hops, which is blended with East Anglian malt to create regular Ghost Ship, which is then put through a de-alcoholiser to remove the alcohol.
An alcohol-free version of the popular Italian lager, which is a great idea for fans of the original wanting to reduce their alcohol intake.
I liked the flavour (though I’m not a habitual lager drinker). It’s refreshing and really good cold from the fridge.
Can’t wait to try it on a hot, sunny day and it’s definitely going on to my summer drinks list.
 
This fizz is light on the palate, crisp and perfect for parties so have a few bottles of this on hand for non-drinkers this Dry January.
The flavour is dry, which appeals to me, and it is so easy to drink. It tastes lovely and is very affordable.
It's also available in a 
.
This is an alcohol-free wheat beer that certainly delivers on taste. I used to be partial to wheat beer but until I started research for this review, I had no idea an alcohol-free version even existed – and it doesn’t disappoint.
The colour is slightly lighter than I remember but the flavour is all there. Good both at room temperature and cold from the fridge.
A gently sparkling wine, that lies somewhere between dry and sweet, and is very drinkable.
This one also contains green tea, so in theory you get the extra health benefits of that plant. It is also good for your conscience as the company donates 25p to NHS Charities Together for every bottle sold.
It’s a little more expensive than most of the wines reviewed here, but it’s definitely one to try and obviously still comes in way below the price point of alcoholic sparkling wines.
Vegan friendly.
According to its makers this is ‘the alcohol-free beer for beer lovers’.
The flavour is light and smooth, and it’s not too fizzy, so it's an all-round good alternative to regular lager and a great introduction to the sector for anybody trying Dry January.
The taste is apparently down to the combination of Pilsner malt, Saaz, Hallertau and Perle hops, and Belgian yeast, which are gently filtered before bottling. Whatever the technical terms, it definitely works.
A UK winner at the 2019 World Beer Awards in the low alcohol category, Freestar was also the world’s first alcohol-free beer brand to certify as a B Corp – the company’s brewing process uses less water, less energy and creates less waste than other traditional brewing methods.
Flavoured ciders have become really popular in recent years and this pineapple and raspberry variety opens up the sector to non-drinkers. If you’re a fan of the alcoholic version the chances are you’re going to love this – it’s sweet, slightly fizzy and definitely tastes of pineapples.
It's nice, but it’s a little too sweet for me – I prefer the 
 version, which I’ve discovered pretty much goes with all kinds of food when you’re eating out (just as well as often it seems to be the only alcohol-free drink on offer in pubs).
 
This is a golden and eminently drinkable IPA from the Butcombe Brewing Company. The flavour is full and rich, leaving a satisfying bitterness on the tongue after drinking.
Brewed with a combination of hops from England, New Zealand and the United States, this award-winning IPA took the country and gold accolades for the UK in the 
 Category of the 2022 World Beer Awards. Well deserved.
This is a traditional-style cider that tastes of apples and is no less refreshing for its lack of alcohol.
I don’t know if the fact it’s fully fermented has anything to do with it, but it tastes like the real deal to me; crisp and dry to drink. I defy any cider drinker not to like it.
I can see this going down well with a picnic in summer.
This refreshing drink counts hibiscus, pink peppercorns and pink grapefruit zest among its ingredients.
You can certainly taste herbs and spices, which then fade to more of a citrus on the tongue.
The overall effect is a slightly bitter flavour, which marries well with tonic.
Highpoint is crafted in Cornwall and double fermented, using natural ingredients, to increase the depth of flavour.
This alcohol-free sparkling wine hails from Italy and is a good substitute for prosecco.
The colour is bright and the bubbles are big. It’s also extra dry, so avoids the too sweet flavour of some zero alcohol wines.
It’s the most expensive of the alcohol-free sparkling wines we tasted, so one to save for a celebration perhaps.
Unlike some of the drinks included in this list, Crossip isn't really trying to recreate any specific alcohol with its booze-free spirits.
I liked this for two reasons: firstly, because there's no opportunity for comparison, it can't fail to effectively evoke real alcohol — it stands alone.
However, don't fear this is just posh squash. The people over at Crossip use a maceration process (whereby fruits are soaked and softened in liquid) to recreate the texture of an alcoholic drink, meaning that when you pair the spirit with a mixer, you get the unmistakable consistency of a cocktail.
There's also a complex blend of flavours involved, to remind you that what you're drinking isn't just ordinary cordial. Our favourite flavour, the limited-edition Rich Berry, includes spicy notes of nutmeg, clove and cinnamon, as well as things you'll have to google like Wormwood and Gentian. However, the blackberry and damson flavours are prominent enough to not make the drink overly challenging.
You can use it to make an ordinary long drink by pairing it with tonic or soda, or make it more of an occasion by including it in mulled wine or a bramble (you can find recipes on the brand's website). The only thing we found is that we had to use more of the spirit than recommended to achieve the flavour we wanted. Each to their own, though.
If autumn berries aren't your thing, there's other flavours to choose from, including 
 and 
Chances are you'll have heard of Gordon's. The famous London-born company has been distilling gin for centuries, with hoards of fans behind it, and has now tried its hand at a bold, piney and juniper-forward alcohol-free gin.
As you would with any spirit, pour it over ice with a splash of your favourite tonic for a classic gin cocktail.
This 70cl bottle from Amazon is only £12, which is a great bargain compared to some of its competitors, and it's a great alcohol-free, botanical-forward alternative to your usual G&T.
Want to hear what we thought of it? Read our 
 before you buy.
 Karcher Window Vac review
 10 best smart thermostats including Nest, Hive and Tado
 Best dog dental chews UK: the best treats to keep your canine's teeth clean
 11 best electric blankets for staying warm without a heater this winter
&copy