Author: Roisin Chapman
A YOUNG influencer's $800 Skim's haul has left her mostly satisfied - with one major exception.
The TikTok user revealed that although most of the items stunned, there was one piece that was a little too revealing for the office. 
 often posts her shopping hauls, make-up tips, and fitness content on her social media platforms and has amassed over 114,700 followers between her TikTok and Instagram 
.
For her 
 from Kim Kardashian's Skims line, Taylor tried on the $54 
.
"I love this top, the material is so stretchy but thin. It's so comfortable. However, it is see-through," she said.
The influencer also modeled the 
, $68.
She told viewers: "I love this bodysuit, it’s so cute, so flattering, really hugs you in. I feel like this is definitely a thicker material than the T-shirt."
Next, Taylor shared her thoughts on the $58 
"It’s just beautiful. It hugs you in, it’s stretchy but thin. It’s so flattering, I’m obsessed," she detailed.
The TikToker also showed her followers the 
, $58.
She explained: "I knew I was going to like this, this cut is so flattering."
For her next try-on, Taylor purchased the $68 
"I don’t know if I like this cut on me very much, it's a bit looser than the fits everybody collection but it’s still really cute," she concluded.
The TikTok user also tried on the 
, $78.
She said: "I really like this. I like the little high neck. I feel like it’s good for the fall and winter. It’s really flattering. This one is more stretchy and tight and Spandex-y than the last one."
Next, Taylor shared her thoughts on the
, $78.
"This is really cute. I ordered it with a thong so it fits better," she told her followers.
For her next look, the influencer modeled the $68 
. 
Taylor said she loved the "flattering" bodysuit.
She also tried on the $58 
.
Modeling the look, Taylor said: "Enough said, this is stunning."
Finally, the TikToker modeled the 
, $58.
"All these bodysuits are so cute, I think I’m going to keep all of them," Taylor concluded.
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 Sleep expert reveals how to stay warm at night without putting the heating on
 I’m a gypsy girl & never go to the toilet in our caravans, it has a different use
 Multi-millionaire on Rich House Poor House pays broke man £50k a year
&copy