Author: Dani Grande
A TIKTOK user who often posts fashion and lifestyle tips has revealed that her big boobs are becoming too much for her. 
Yet even though she is confident about wanting a reduction, she shared the many ways that people have tried to stop her from going under the knife.
Rem, 20, who goes by 
 on TikTok, describes herself as "famous in my own world" and often shares snippets of her style with her 3,000 followers. 
And part of that is her desire to change her body shape by reducing the size of her breasts, though not everyone is on board. 
In one 
, Rem shared some of the feedback she’s gotten regarding her plan, alongside photos that represent the people who the comments came from.
First, she posed in a black dress with cutouts around the chest to show her followers what her boobs look like now.
“How people react when I tell them I want a boob reduction,” she began.
One kind of response she’s heard comes from older women: “Try having boobs as saggy as mine,” they say.
Middle-aged men often call her out for being vain: “Young people only care about their looks these days.”
And middle-aged women think they know best: “You’ll regret it.”
Young, overconfident boys try to give her a cringey compliment: “They’re the perfect size.”
Girls with no boobs make jokes: “Omg babes give some to me!”
But the comment that makes her the angriest? It comes from girls her own age who give a veiled insult: “Have you tried losing weight?”
Most viewers in the comments section, however, told her to go for it:
“You won’t regret it! I’m 2 years post op and it’s the best thing I have ever done for myself,” one person wrote, to which she replied: “I’m excited!”
“The best thing I ever did,” another person echoed.
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 Sleep expert reveals how to stay warm at night without putting the heating on
 I’m a gypsy girl & never go to the toilet in our caravans, it has a different use
 Multi-millionaire on Rich House Poor House pays broke man £50k a year
&copy