Author: []
A NAIL tech has left people heartbroken after cutting off her 
 which were so long they could have passed as acrylic tips. 
The woman had grown her nails to a seriously impressive length using builder-in-a-bottle gel (BIAB).
However, she decided she wanted them short to start the new year off fresh.
Her nail tech at 
 was gutted to snip the talons away and took to 
 to share her misery.
She said: “Watch me cut down six months worth of natural nails grown from a BIAB journey because she wanted short square french tips for the new year.
“Yes, as her nail tech, I cried.”
The nail tech recorded herself snipping the strong natural tip off her clients nails.
The mighty chop revealed a new boxy shape compared to the previously pointed end before.
She added in the caption: “It was a sad day to be a nail tech.”
The nails were snipped using a standard nail clipper, with the technician later going into the file them into a perfectly square shape.
 is a type of nail gel designed to nourish and strengthen nails and promote nail growth.
It needs to be cured under a UV light like normal gel, but is thicker and harder once fully cured.
North 
 nail tech TGW Studios’ video has since garnered 700,000 views and over 120,000 likes.
What’s more, over 200 people have taken to the comments to share their “heartbreak” over the perfect nails being snipped down.
One nail fan weeped: “I actually just cried.
“Oh my God, they look so strong.”
Another penned: “How dare she.
“I can’t get my nails as long as that.
“They’re just stubs, they’re so fragile.”
Others described the video as “painful” and said it was hard to watch six months worth of nail growth be cut away in an instant.
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 I’m a gypsy girl & never go to the toilet in our caravans, it has a different use
 Multi-millionaire on Rich House Poor House pays broke man £50k a year
&copy