Author: Daphne Barak
PRINCE Andrew is to make a bid to overturn the multi-million pound settlement with his sex accuser after her abuse case against a high-profile US lawyer crumbled.
 dropped the other lawsuit last year, admitting she “may have made a mistake”.
We can reveal the Duke of York is consulting US lawyers Andrew Brettler and Blair Berk and hopes to force a retraction or even an apology — which may clear the way for a return to royal duties.
He 
 out of court after she sued him in the States.
But a well-placed source said: “I can tell you with confidence that the 
 team is now considering legal options.”
The royal believes he has fresh grounds for a legal challenge after both the collapse of her case against 
 and a new intervention from 
.
In an exclusive CBS interview, the jailed socialite insists the accusations against her “dear friend” Andrew are unfounded.
She says she never introduced him to Virginia, as had been claimed.
Virginia has always stuck to her claim about Andrew, saying: “My goal has been to show the rich and powerful are not above the law and should be held accountable.”
It is thought Andrew is receiving support from Dershowitz, who thinks he should have fought his case. 
In US law, he would have to argue legal reasons for overturning the deal, including mistake or accident.
Sources claim he never wanted to settle with the victim of his 
.
Andrew believes he was “bounced” into agreeing a deal as the Palace feared negative publicity of the case would have overshadowed the 
.
He paid Virginia, 39, at least £3million last February to drop her case, in which she claimed she was forced to have sex with him at 17.
A source said: “He never wanted to make a deal and has always insisted he is innocent.”
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy