Author: Keira Clarke
IF you think there is only one way to wear a turtleneck then you are sorely mistaken. 
 is a fashion fan and she says we’ve been wearing our turtlenecks all wrong. 
She said: “Listen I hate to be the one to have to tell you this. But you’re probably wearing turtlenecks wrong.”
Mary said: “I shared this turtleneck trick two years ago and it’s still one of my most viral videos ever.  So I thought it was high time we create an updated version.”
Mary says you should roll your turtleneck inside, not outside. 
She said: “If you have a turtleneck like this instead of rolling the neck outward like this roll inside instead.”
Mary gave several reasons as to why this method was more effective. 
She said: “This makes for a much cleaner neckline. Also it give you a cleaner canvas if you want to layer necklaces.”
She said wearing your turtleneck inside could help lengthen the life of your garment.
She said: “Plus a lot of turtlenecks develop this sort of warbled edge here so tucking it inside can make it look more expensive.”
Mary says you can play around with more styles when you tuck your turtleneck inside. 
Mary said: “You also have the flexibility or tucking it only a little bit if you want the neckline to land really high on your neck.”
She said: “Or you can tuck it really low, even doubling it inside so it’s more of a mock neck.”
Mary’s video went viral with 1.6 million views.
One commenter said: “It's true, my neighbour's cousin's friend's babysitter died from an outturned turtleneck. Save a life.”
A second commenter said: “My mom used to do this, she swore by it…I even instructed the funeral director to do this for her. Thank you for this little sign I needed!!!”
Other viewers argued it depended on the type of turtleneck you have as on some styles Mary’s method would look strange. 
One commenter said: ”Yeah but some turtle necks have that really odd inverted stitch on the outside and it looks tacky if it’s not covered up.”
A second commenter said: “It’s less comfy though which always gets me.”
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 I’m a gypsy girl & never go to the toilet in our caravans, it has a different use
 Multi-millionaire on Rich House Poor House pays broke man £50k a year
 Dog expert reveals the breeds he'd never own or allow near his kids
&copy