Author: Natasha Rigler
FRANKIE Bridge has admitted she walks around starkers in front of her kids at home. 
The 
 star, 34, has described herself, hubby Wayne and their two sons as a "naked family".
 says she doesn't see "an issue" with baring all and says she cannot see a time when she will suddenly start covering up in front of her boys. 
"We're quite a naked family, I would say. And I grew up in quite a naked family," Frankie admitted during an episode of the 
show last year.
"I don't see what the issue is. I wouldn't think, 'Oh now is the time to cover up'. 
"I think if [Parker and Carter] started to look uncomfortable or if they started saying, 'Ooh, mummy,' then I would go from them."
Frankie did, however, go on to admit that she has sometimes started covering up in the presence of eldest son Parker, who is nine years old. 
She added: "[My kids] will come up to me if I'm naked. 
"Parker sometimes, I can see, might feel a bit uncomfortable, so I would cover up. So I just go from their cues. 
"But I remember growing up and seeing my parents run to and from the bathroom and I didn't think twice about it. Hopefully I would make them feel comfortable in that way."
Fellow Loose Women panelist Jane Moore then asked what will happen when Parker and his younger brother Carter, seven, reach their teenage years. 
"I don't think it would bother me but if it bothered them, then I would cover up," Frankie admitted. 
Frankie found fame aged just 12 when she landed a place in the pop band S Club Juniors. 
She later joined The Saturdays and went on to marry former Premiere League footie ace 
 in 2014. 
The couple live with their boys and Wayne's parents, Wendy and Mick, in a large house in Surrey. 
Last year, 
 - who moved in when Parker was a toddler and they sold their own home. 
Speaking to The Sun's Fabulous magazine, she admitted: "Everyone is obsessed with them living with us, but I don’t know any different.
"They’ve not always lived with us, but they’ve always been around.
When Wayne was playing 
, he was always really busy, so his mum ran things at home for him. When we moved in together, I was really busy too, so I accepted her help.
"I’m not precious about how my washing is hung out or how the dishwasher is stacked – it just means one less job I have to do."
She added: “When we had kids, it was a no-brainer [to have them in the house]. They have a great 
 with their grandparents and my guilt when I leave them is a lot less [than if we had a nanny].
"My nan and grandad looked after us when I was young while my parents worked, and most of my childhood memories are with them."
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 ITV 'axes' quiz show after first series
&copy