Author: Jon Rogers
A GRANDAD says he will be forced to pay £12.50 every time he uses his own drive when new rules come into place.
Paul Savage, 77, from Harrow, will have to fork out the money when the Mayor of 
 brings in the expansion of the 
 (ULEZ).
He labelled the new rules as “frustrating” adding he felt there was nothing locals could do to stop it.
Paul told the Local Democracy Reporting Service: “As soon as I come out of my drive I’ll have to pay £12.50. I’m retired so I don’t need a car very often but I am going to have to get a smaller one.”
He added: “My daughters' kids now have to go to school by public transport, normally my son-in-law would take them to school in the car but he’s not going to pay £12.50 every day. He’s told them that they’re going to have to get the bus.”
London Mayor 
 announced the expansion of the ULEZ zone to 
 in November 2022 would go ahead.
It is due to come into effect on August 29 this year.
This means any driver of a petrol car registered before 2005 or a diesel car registered before 2015 will be subjected to a daily charge of £12.50 when on the road, if their vehicle is not compliant.
The 
-led Harrow Council has moved against the scheme, saying it will refuse to put up ULEZ cameras for 
 (TfL).
Harrow resident Eugene Maher branded the plans as “a load of c**p” even though his vehicle is compliant and won’t incur the cost.
He called the scheme “just an extra tax,” adding that people were already struggling after the 
 pandemic and the current 
 crisis.
Harrow Council, in conjunction with those in Hillingdon, Bexley, and Bromley wrote to Mr Khan, saying they were “strongly opposed” to the plans and cited the “adverse effects” it would have on residents, visitors and businesses.
Harrow Council said it would not cooperate with TfL by putting cameras up in the borough.
Asked if he supported the council's move, Paul said that he did adding the ULEZ expansion was a “tax on people who can’t afford it”.
Jakki Elliott said she was also “100 per cent” backing the council and thought other London councils should do the same.
Even though she would not be personally affected by the change, she explained why it would affect many residents.
She said: “The factors are so diverse. It’s going to be your finances, your car, it’s going to be where you live, your schools, the whole shebang. It’s quite extensive.”
A spokesperson for the Mayor of London said the ULEZ expansion is “necessary” in order to reduce the capital’s air pollution, tackle the climate emergency, and cut congestion.
They said: “Around 4,000 Londoners die prematurely each year due to the toxic air in our city with the greatest number of deaths attributable to air pollution in London’s outer boroughs, which the ULEZ doesn’t currently cover.
“Children across London are growing up with stunted lungs and developing asthma because they are breathing this toxic air.
“TfL will work closely and collaboratively with all boroughs to ensure the infrastructure required will be installed in a way that is suitable so we can build a greener, safer London for everyone.”
Harrow Council leader, Cllr Paul Osborn, described the expansion plans as “outrageous”.
He said the borough’s residents were “overwhelmingly against the idea,” following a petition conducted by Harrow Conservatives.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy