Author: Olivia Burke
DRIVERS have been left baffled by a barmy parking sign that seemed to list contradictory rules. 
A motorist in 
, 
, stopped dead in their tracks after being left confused by the puzzling sign.
They shared a picture of the unclear notice on 
 in the hopes of interpreting its ambiguous message. 
It showed a white sign attached to a lampost that displayed a 'P' 
 sign with a red line through it - indicating drivers could not leave their cars there. 
But beneath the emblem, the sign stated: "Motor vehicles excepted." 
Although this alluded to the fact that cars were not included in the rule, the social media user was left stumped. 
Other internet sleuths quickly came to the poster's aid, explaining that it meant trailers and caravans could not park there. 
But people were left stunned that the sign overcomplicated its message, with many suggesting it was not clear enough. 
Some even suggested it was opening the floodgates for motorists to misinterpret the parking notice.  
One wrote: "They could’ve worded it just as simple as that couldn’t they?"
Another said: "So why don‘t they just write 'don’t park your trailers here' instead of this f***ing cryptogram?"
A third suggested: "Complain to council. Get your neighbours that don’t own trailers and caravans to complain too."
And a fourth confessed: "I thought it said motor cycles at first and was about to call you an idiot, ha. Then I reread it."
Redditers also pointed out that it was not an official sign erected by authorities in Sydney, but rather a DIY one made by a resident. 
One said: "That’s not an official sign. I suspect a resident has screwed onto the pole to stop people parking outside their house."
Another joked: "That is clearly a sign created by Satan. Get an exorcist."
According to North Sydney Council’s website, locals are not allowed to leave large vessels such as trailers parked on the street.
"If a trailer is hitched to a motor vehicle, the combination is considered a motor vehicle and would therefore be exempt from the restrictions," it explained. 
We previously told how a 
 to reserve themselves a space.
The frustrated homeowner also turned to Reddit for advice on how to deal with his war on the road. 
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy