Author: Daniel Cutts
EVERTON are trying to find £15million to land Sheffield United striker Iliman Ndiaye.
The Senegal ace is a scoring hit in the 
 with ten goals and seven assists from 28 games.
He also took his speed and skills to the Qatar World Cup in the latest part of his fairytale career.
Now 
 chiefs want Ndiaye to join their attack for the relegation fight and are putting together the funds to buy him.
Ndiaye, 22, is central to the 
’ bid to get back to the top flight but his contract is up after next season.
Boss Paul Heckingbottom will be anxious as Ndiaye would be a huge loss and there are doubts about how much of the sale he would get to spend.
Blades are now under a transfer embargo for failing to keep up with old payments, so a sale would go into sorting that out.
Everton would be a large lure for Ndiaye with a Prem contract to offer to a player who was with Boreham Wood for three seasons.
Owner 
is reacting to fan fury over their recent struggles.
Ndiaye would be a good addition if he can take his form to the top level with the Toffees.
Everton are also closing in on a deal for Arnaut Danjuma, 25, at Villarreal.
They are willing to pay the Spanish club a huge loan fee of £2.5m, which could double if the former Bournemouth star plays enough games.
Danjuma will net £100,000 a week and a deal for the Dutchman could see Anthony Gordon being sold to Newcastle or even Tottenham.
It's unclear who will be at the Everton helm come the end of the month as manager 
is under a huge amount of pressure.
Defeat to West Ham on Saturday sent the Merseysiders to the bottom of the table and extended their torrid run to just one win in their last 12 league matches.
A defiant Lampard said of his future: "Those things are not my choice.
"It is my job to work, focus and keep my head down.
"I have confidence in how I want to coach. There's difficult conditions that I am aware of.
"I just do my job and talk about what I can affect.
"And that's the players trying to get the right results."
 Victoria Beckham gets wrapped up in David's coat while watching Romeo
 Defoe dumped partner called Donna and their dog to date wife Donna
 Ex-Premier League star throws his 'cheating c*** ex's' stuff across garden
 Southampton and Villa stars FORCED OFF and game delayed after DRONE flies over
&copy