Author: Dan Cain
GEMMA Atkinson and Gorka Marquez are expecting their second baby.
 partner, 32, announced their happy news on Instagram this morning.
Alongside a picture of her cradling her baby bump, 
 wrote: "Impossible to hide my belly any longer. I’ve officially “popped.” 
"Our baby boy will be joining our family later this year 
We feel so incredibly blessed and Grateful to be on this journey again. Mia is absolutely thrilled! Although we may need to do some negotiating on names, as so far she’s adamant he’s going to be called Barbie."
The news went down a storm with friends and fans alike.
Oti and Motsi Mabuse both sent congratulatory comments as did former Towie star Jess Wright.
The couple are already parents to three-year-old Mia, who beamed in a family snap announcing the news.
It comes after Gorka revealed spending time with family was real reason he's not taking part in the Strictly arena tour this year.
Replying to a fan's question about his tour absence on Instagram, he explained: "After the Strictly series I always like to take some down time to spend quality time with Gem and Mia. 
"I am grateful for the work but I also think spend time with family is important. Time flies and we wont' get those memories back [heart emoji]."
The Spaniard reached the final of the latest series with his celebrity partner 
 but lost out to Hamza Yassin and Jowita Przystal.
Meanwhile proud mum Gemma recently 
n Instagram for letting daughter Mia play closely with a pet dog.
She wrote on her Instagram story: "I have the upmost respect for anyone that works with animals.
"But it was really disheartening to see my video used as a "bad example" and the comments "so irresponsible".
"I know my dogs, I know my child and I know I'm a responsible owner and anyone who owns a pet should be."
But she was far from done, as she later posted a video of herself, cradling her baby on her lap, whilst her dog roams around nearby.
She captioned the short clip: "I've never made the feel pushed out abd even though I trust them both wholeheartedly, they still to this day have never been alone with Mia.
"Judge me on my appearance, my clothes, stories in the press, my relationships etc.
"But judging me on my parenting of both my child or my dogs is something I won't stay quiet about."
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy