Author: Katrina Vasey
PENNY Press Room's Superstar Session is sending the prize pot into outer space. 
A full house is worth at least £100, and there's £2000 to be won every Friday and Saturday night!
This is the astronomical event of the season, with tickets costing only 1p each.  
*
Calling all Sun Bingo registered players, UK and ROI residents aged 18+ years old (registration and ID verification required), will you join us on this mission to the stars?
For 1p per ticket, you can play in the Superstar Sessions on Friday and Saturday evenings. 
You can purchase your bingo tickets to the stars from 1p from the Penny Press bingo schedule either by pre-buying from the bingo lobby or by being in the Penny Press Room between 6pm and 11pm.
Please be aware that the maximum number of tickets per player per game will range from 60 to 120.
We blast off on Fridays and Saturdays from 6pm to 11pm. This offer is available until further notice, as part of the Penny Press Room’s ongoing bingo schedule.
Mission Control is 
’s Penny Press Room.
For some out-of-this-world fun, look no further than the Superstar Sessions.
Fridays and Saturdays were made for adventures, and this galactic voyage guarantees at least 13 winners per game and over 600 winners per session.
This isn’t the only star-studded mission we’re offering, there’s also linked games every 30 minutes that are priced between 5p and 50p.
These are in addition to the guaranteed £2000 prize money.
We deliver prize money at the speed of light, with winnings paid out immediately after the game(s) have finished. 
If there are lucky stars for multiple players and more than one person wins, the winnings will be shared equally.
*Terms and conditions: The Superstar Session is part of the ongoing bingo schedule. To take part, players can be in the Penny Press Room during the session or pre buy from the bingo lobby. Prizes and winners advertised are minimum guarantees per session. 18+. T&Cs apply.
Commercial content notice: Taking one of the bookmaker offers featured in this article may result in a payment to The Sun. 18+. T&Cs apply. 
For help with a gambling problem, call the National Gambling Helpline on 0808 8020 133 or go to 
 to be excluded from all UK-regulated gambling websites. 
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy