Author: Patrizia Rizzo
 signs identify birth years with certain animals including the Rat, the Ox, the Tiger, the Rabbit, the Dragon, the Snake, the Horse, the Goat, the Monkey, the Rooster, the Dog and the Pig.
The Chinese zodiac elements identify birth years with certain animals using Earth, Wood, Fire, Metal and Water elements which add more uniqueness to the sign.
The five elements combined with the 12 zodiac signs produce a sixty-year cycle for each sign.
Metal elements can be driven and highly self-reliant. 
Many are also determined, persistent, workaholic, and managerial.
They can also be highly confident and are very goal-oriented.
Metal people are highly stubborn and inflexible in many aspects.
Water signs are kind, smart and competent. 
They are recognized as sympathetic, perfectionist, and great coordinators.
Water people are mainly intelligent, upfront and quick-witted and they have good memory. 
They are known for being tender, sometimes inactive with their decisions, uncompetitive and altruistic.
Wood signs are exceptionally gifted, can be idealistic, and high planners.
Wood elements are quick-witted, highly competent, and sometimes very stubborn. 
They are wise and reliable and they can cooperate with others. 
At work, they are motivated, confident, earnest, generous, righteous, comprehensive, compassionate and good at diplomacy.
Fire elements are courageous, passionate, and good at investigation and research. 
They are risk takers, adventurous, brave, confident, motivated and ambitious; also, they are frank, enthusiastic, strong, energetic, progressive.
Fire people are highly outgoing, enthusiastic, excited, very efficient, but can be explosive and very short-tempered.
Many are also impatient and aggressive when provoked. 
Earth elements are kind, tolerant, honest, and natural-born leaders.
They tend to be introverted and generous, trustworthy, diligent and steadfast by nature.
Additionally, all earth people are said to be tolerant, sensitive and very cooperative with others. 
However, they can be too chatty and very lazy. 
The Five Elements Theory is a Chinese philosophy used to describe interactions and relationships between the main elements. 
The elements also have their own order and they all relate to each other. 
The generating cycle works with each element as they all contribute to one another. 
Wood makes Fire burn; Fire creates Earth; Earth bears Metal; Off of Metal runs the Water; Water makes Wood grow.
Conversely, the controlling cycle is a destructive and weak cycle that characterizes the elements in ways they can dismantle one another. 
Fire melts Metal; Metal chops down Wood; Wood breaks the Earth; Earth soaks up Water and blocks its flow; Water controls Fire.
Quick-witted, kind, versatile and ambitious. 
 Loyal, reliable, determined and strong. 
 Brave, bold, competitive and enthusiastic.
 Elegant, quiet, responsible and modest.
 Confident, intelligent, enthusiastic, and innovative. 
 Wise, sneaky, cunning, intense and witty.
 Active, energetic, spontaneous, and ambitious.
 Sympathetic, gentle, calm, peaceful and warm. 
Sharp, smart, curious, social and persuasive. 
Hardworking, observant, courageous, and honest. 
 Loyal, honest, caring, friendly, and responsible. 
 Compassionate, generous, diligent, and sincere. 
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 I’m a gypsy girl & never go to the toilet in our caravans, it has a different use
 Multi-millionaire on Rich House Poor House pays broke man £50k a year
&copy