Author: Samuel Walker
HOUSEHOLDS on old-style benefits are set to be transferred on to Universal Credit by the end of 2024.
The process is called managed migration and means six 
 will be axed by the Department for Work and 
.
This includes housing benefit, income-based jobseeker's allowance and income support.
Not all those receiving the so-called "legacy benefits" will be transferred by the end of 2024 and others could be moved over earlier.
Some 800,000 on employment and support allowance who do not get 
 credits will be migrated across by the end of 2028.
However some people will have a change of circumstances before then meaning they will be moved across to Universal Credit sooner.
The DWP is writing letters to people who are to be migrated guiding them on how to make the switch.
Hundreds of people in Medway, Bolton, Falmouth and Truro 
You might not have to wait for a letter to be migrated across to Universal Credit though.
The DWP is carrying out a three-way approach whereby some people will be naturally migrated across, others voluntarily migrated across, and some managed migrated across.
Natural migration is when someone on an old-style benefit has a change of circumstances and will need to make a new claim for Universal Credit.
Voluntary migration is when someone on an old-style benefit chooses to voluntarily move over to Universal Credit, but not everyone will be better off.
Managed migration is when the DWP send those on old-style benefits a letter requesting they move across to Universal Credit.
This is the full list of benefits set be axed by the DWP:
The government estimates some 1.4 million households could be £220 a month better off on Universal Credit.
But it's worth checking whether you will be better off after making the switch, as you can't move back after.
There are a number of online benefits calculators that can help you work this out.
You can find them from 
 such as Turn2Us, EntitledTo and 
 
SavingExpert.
You actually could be worse off on Universal Credit if any of the following apply:
Once you have applied for Universal Credit you have to wait five weeks for your first payment.
You can get an interest-free advance, but the money you are given will be deducted from future payments.
This means your monthly payments will be reduced until you pay the advance off.
 Martin Lewis’ urgent warning over direct debits that could see you paying more
 I visited UK's smallest house - but it's TOO tiny ... I hated it
 Exact amount PIP will rise this year - will you be better off?
 Major mobile network to scrap free data roaming in Europe for millions
&copy