Author: []
IT'S the sunshine paradise that's truly fit for a king.
Tucked away in the Caribbean, 
 is the ultimate playground of the rich and famous - and has played host to countless members of the 
 over the years.
Stretching over 1,400 gorgeous acres, the private island is  characterised by its clear blue waters, white sandy beaches and incredible villas that can cost up to £121,000 a week. 
It was a favourite of 
 and her husband 
 - they visited three times in 1966, 1977, and 1985.
The late monarch enjoyed it so much that other royals such as 
 and 
 have made it a regular getaway too, once renting a 
. 
But its biggest fan was the 
, 
 , who hosted boozy dos on its shores and even had a scandalous fling with a toyboy. 
Following her wedding to Lord Snowdon in 1960, Lord Glenconner gave Margaret a plot of land on the island and offered to build her a house. 
The property - which the princess called Jolies Eaux, meaning beautiful waters - served as an escape when her marriage  later began to crumble, with her husband said to have detested the place. 
Margaret was attracted to how secluded the island was - at the time, only 15 people owned a house in Mustique. 
Other notable homeowners included fashion designer 
 Hilfiger, artist Oliver Messel, and 
 frontman 
. 
The homeowners reportedly took turns hosting lavish parties in the evenings. 
Princess Margaret convinced Mick, 79, to purchase a home close to hers after meeting at a party in 1962. 
Lady Elsa Bowker, the wife of an ambassador who was present, claimed that Margaret and Mick flirted heavily at the event. 
Although there have been rumours of a relationship between the two, it was never confirmed and the rocker remained friends with Margaret until her death at the age of 71 in 2002. 
While on holiday in Mustique in 1976, Princess Margaret and lover Roddy Llewellyn were pictured swimming, exposing their controversial affair. 
Margaret was 43 at the time and snapped in a strapless bathing suit, while Roddy, who was 27, was wearing tiny Union Jack trunks. 
The photographs caused a media frenzy back home and became a huge scandal for the Royal Family.
It eventually led to the breakdown of the princess's marriage to Lord Snowdon, with the couple announcing their separation in 1976. 
However, Margaret is said to have entertained other young men in Mystique too.
After being introduced to John Bindon, an actor in his late twenties in the Sixties, Margaret reportedly invited him to the island. 
During the stay, he is said to have shown her his lewd party trick - lifting a beer glass with his huge manhood. 
According to the actor's former girlfriend, Margaret was attracted to his Cockney accent and the fact that he made dirty jokes. 
In 2019, Prince William and his wife Princess Kate went all out on their summer holiday in Mustique, where 
 celebrated his sixth birthday. 
The couple rented a five-bedroom 
 with an infinity pool, breath-taking ocean views and a private garden. 
Other high-profile guests who have holidayed on the island include supermodel 
, actors 
 and 
, and Beatles legend 
. 
Former prime minister 
 and his wife Carrie also spent Christmas 2019 on the island. 
Pop legend 
 was once among the select few who owned a house in Mustique, but he sold it in 1994 after discovering it was "so tranquil and peaceful" that he could barely get any work done. 
One person who managed to get a lot of work done on the island, however, was 
, who wrote and demoed several tracks for 
' album Be Here Now while on holiday. 
Real estate for the tranquil island is handled discreetly and exclusively by The Mustique Company - no one is able to buy or build on the island without its permission. 
Once someone buys a property there, they gain access to its private airline and other incredible resources. 
Guests can access Mustique either via St Lucia or Barbados - from there, the company will provide a private air shuttle to the island. 
Those lucky enough to visit can treat themselves to scuba diving, horseriding, snorkelling, and a number of other activities. 
For visitors with a craving for nightlife, Basil's Bar is the number one destination on the island - it has been visited by all members of The Rolling Stones and Princess Margaret. 
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 I’m a gypsy girl & never go to the toilet in our caravans, it has a different use
 Multi-millionaire on Rich House Poor House pays broke man £50k a year
&copy