Author: Charlotte Everett
A NEW dating show is coming to ITV which has been dubbed the "middle-aged Love Island".
The Romance Retreat is aimed at single parents looking to find love, but how can you apply?
 is available to apply for online.
There is an application form online to fill out 
.
There is a questionnaire for applicants to fill out where you can apply as either a parent or a child.
Producers are inviting "single parents" to audition for the eagerly anticipated 
-style series.
The description for the show reads: "ITV1 are looking for vibrant single parents from across the UK who are in search of love, for a brand new dating show!
"This is the ONLY dating show where single parents can search for love, by spending time in a luxury retreat, where all the parents have been nominated by their grown up children."
The Sun previously reported on the plans for a more grown-up Love Island show but it appears the title has changed.
A TV source said: "Times change and the current generation in their 40s and 50s still care about how they look, are fit and healthy, into fashion and are ready to let their hair down.
"This show will give those who settled down young a second chance at love while they still feel in their prime.
"And, let’s face it, they know their minds, will be capable of intelligent conversation and are likely to be much more adventurous — all ingredients regular Love Island sometimes lacks."
There are some conditions you have to meet to appear on The Romance Retreat.
To go on the show the parent and their child both have to agree, with the child being over the age of 18 by May 2023.
The parent's relationship status should also be single.
Casting for the new show was set to begin on Monday, 16 January, 2023, which means it will run through the current series of 
.
The closing date for applications is Friday, 31 March, 2023 at 23:59pm.
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy