Author: Maisie Bovingdon
LOOKFANTASTIC has done it again, and partnered with leading beauty brand Estée Lauder to create an amazing limited edition beauty box. 
The Lookfantastic x Estée Lauder Limited Edition Beauty Box contains over £113 worth of beauty essentials from Estée Lauder but you can get your hands on it for much less.
The 
 retails for just £50, which is over half price what the contents is worth. 
The bundle is perfect for yourself, or as a special treat for someone else. 
It's ideal for beginner beauty buffs, as well as skincare aficionados, as it contains a whole host of the beauty giant's much-loved products. 
The six-piece kit includes everything from the bestselling 
, as well as a miniature version of the eye cream from the range, to the Double Wear Zero-Smudge Lengthening Mascara. 
With a mixture of skincare and make-up cosmetics, this bundle can see your beauty routine from start to finish, or can help you focus on creating a thorough skincare regime. 
Start your routine using the Micro Essence Treatment Lotion, before applying the Futurist Aqua Brilliance Glow Primer, followed by treating your lashes a sweep of the Double Wear mascara. 
When it comes to your evening routine you can rely on their legendary 
 to keep your skin moisturised and hydrated, followed by a dab of the Advanced Night Repair Eye Supercharged Complex Mini around the delicate eye area. 
For those in need of extra hydration layer on Revitalizing Supreme+ Night Intensive Restorative Crème, and you will find your skin is hydrated, and glowing in the morning. 
Estée Lauder's Advanced Night Repair range, is formulated with Chronolux™ Power Signal technology, which works to combat the harmful impact of environmental aggressors that takes its toll on the skin. 
The range also works to deeply hydrate the skin, to achieve plump, nourished, and brighter complexion. 
While the contents of this bundle fetches over £117, it can be yours for just £50 - that's a bargain if you ask us. 
Snap it up before it goes!
Wondered what the 
– and it is a must have
Looking to 
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 I’m a gypsy girl & never go to the toilet in our caravans, it has a different use
 Multi-millionaire on Rich House Poor House pays broke man £50k a year
&copy