Author: Carly Bass
?
The cycle repeats every 12 years and includes the Rat, the Ox, the Tiger, the Rabbit, the Dragon, the Snake, the Horse, the Goat, the Monkey, the Rooster, the Dog and the Pig.
Each of those can then be split into five elements - Earth, Wood, Fire, Metal and Water.
So what exactly is the 'Wood Rabbit' zodiac sign and what does it represent?
The years of the Wood Rabbit are 1915 and 1975.
The Rabbit is the fourth of the repeating 12-year cycle of animals which appear in the 
, constituting part of the Chinese calendar system.
Legend has it the Rabbit was proud of its speed and was neighbours with Ox and always made fun of how slow Ox was
The Rabbit is also associated with the Earthly Branch and with the early hours, between five and seven am. 
Other years of the Rabbit are 1927, 1939, 1951, 1963, 1975, 1987, 1999, 2011 and 2023.
Celebrities born in the year of the Rabbit include 
 and 
.
These creatures are gentle homebodies and will make fantastic parents.
Wood Rabbits can often struggle to cope with the daily grind of life due to their inherent sensitive nature. 
They yearn for the countryside, civil behaviour and a generally more calming environment. 
They tend to be more on the creative side of things, and it's in this field where everything comes together for them.
A lot of Wood element characters fall foul of the Wood element's Achilles heel, which is driving merrily down Decadent Road. 
This animal sign also tends to be more laid-back, and are willing to see where life takes them naturally, rather than planning and plotting.
The Wood Rabbit is also always looking for their soulmate, they don’t like to be on their own and yearn for companionship.
Each zodiac sign is associated with one of the five elements: Wood, Fire, Earth, Metal and Water, and the 
explains what this means for the Rabbit.
 These Rabbits may endure financial hardships during their youth, but are able to turn unfortunate events around as they age.
 They are not sly, but do have some tricks up their sleeves.
Wood Rabbits often start their career successfully and keep the same good fortune throughout their lifetime.
 Fire Rabbits never stop to rest and are always busy with something.
They are intelligent but may abandon things halfway when they become distracted by something else.
 These Rabbits sail through life without a care in the world. 
They're natural and relaxed and rarely hurt by anyone. A long life full of fortune awaits them.
 These Rabbits have strong self-perception, are full of energy, resilient and  they are not ones to surrender.
However, they keep emotions bottled up and can have trouble interacting with others. With help, they will be successful.
The Rabbit is most compatible with the Dog, Pig and Goat, and they're the least compatible with Rooster, Dragon and Rat.
According to 
, both Dog and Rabbit want a peaceful and quiet life and will work towards this and enjoy it together.
Meanwhile, Rabbit and Pig have similar personalities and will be attracted to each other.
Goats need someone to depend on and Rabbits enjoy taking care of others making them a perfect match. 
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 I’m a gypsy girl & never go to the toilet in our caravans, it has a different use
 Multi-millionaire on Rich House Poor House pays broke man £50k a year
&copy