Author: Chisanga Malata
DWIGHT YORKE allegedly branded Macarthur FC a "pub team" in an explosive row before quitting his role as manager.
The former 
 man's time in charge of the Aussie side came to an end less than eight months after his appointment.
Yorke, 51, decided to mutually terminate his contract with the club on Saturday - the day after their 1-0 defeat to Adelaide United.
And according to the 
, the Trinidadian exploded at club chairman Gino Marra and chief executive Sam Krslovic in their meeting.
 is said to have targeted several individual players in his explosive rant, which received some pushback.
Marra reportedly interjected when Yorke questioned the professionalism of the players and the club as a whole.
But club chiefs don't intend to shed any further light on Yorke's seemingly explosive departure from the dugout.
Marra said in a statement: "We won’t be commenting on the circumstances of the mutual agreement reached between the club and Dwight Yorke on Saturday.
"Our focus is only on the next chapter of the club and appointing a new coach who we hope will deliver more success to our supporters.
"We thank Dwight for his contribution to Macarthur FC and leading the club to the 2022 Australia Cup title."
Yorke guided Macarthur to cup glory in what was his first job in management.
He said: "I want to thank the chairman Gino Marra, CEO Sam Krslovic, all the ownership group as well as all the staff, fans of Macarthur FC.
"I leave the football club with a great team that will continue to challenge for more silverware."
Yorke leaves Macarthur after a mere 13-game reign.
But he could find himself back in Aussie management as his former side Sydney FC are in need of a new manager.
 Victoria Beckham gets wrapped up in David's coat while watching Romeo
 Defoe dumped partner called Donna and their dog to date wife Donna
 Ex-Premier League star throws his 'cheating c*** ex's' stuff across garden
 Southampton and Villa stars FORCED OFF and game delayed after DRONE flies over
&copy