Author: Dave Fraser
And while some have been hits during their time at Anfield, many have only made their name elsewhere.
The likes of Xabi Alonso, Luis Suarez, Steve McManaman and Michael Owen all quit the Reds in their prime.
But there are other players the likes of Rafa Benitez and Gerard Houllier allowed to leave before they were household names.
We take a look at seven of the biggest frustrations for 
 fans in Premier League history...
Coady, 29, joined Liverpool in 2005, aged just 12 before working his way through the youth ranks.
Despite his obvious potential, the 
 star made just two appearances for the Reds - and just one in the Premier League.
After a successful loan spell at then-League One side Sheffield United in 2013-14, Coady was sold to Huddersfield that summer.
After playing in 45 of the Terriers' 46 Championship games, Coady joined Wolves after a single season.
The centre-back helped them gain promotion to the Premier League and even obtain European football, before returning to Merseyside on loan at Everton.
Coady made his England debut against Denmark in 2020, earning the 
 in the process.
And he was included in Gareth Southgate's England World Cup squad, though failed to make an appearance.
The Hungarian goalkeeper, 32, spent six years at 
 - one on loan and then five after signing permanently.
But 
 - more often than not acting as their second or even third-choice keeper, behind the likes of Pepe Reina and Brad Jones.
Gulacsi was loaned to Hereford, Tranmere and Hull before being sold to RB Salzburg in 2013.
After two impressive years in Austria, the goalkeeper moved to the German Bundesliga with giants RB Leipzig.
Gulacsi has spent eight years at Leipzig after quickly becoming their No1, helping them mount a charge for the league title 
 Champions League.
Gulacsi has played 268 times for the Germans and is still going strong.
Sterling, 28, signed for Liverpool in 2010 after seven years at QPR, aged just 15.
He made headlines a year later when he scored 
 in a 9-0 youth team win over Southend.
 broke into the first-team in 2012 and spent just over three seasons in the squad.
While Sterling was arguably already a 'star' during his final season at Liverpool, he was still very raw.
Even the most-ardent of Reds fans must concede the winger has gone from strength-to-strength since joining Manchester City.
Since leaving Liverpool without a trophy, Sterling has helped Pep Guardiola's side win three Premier League titles, an FA Cup and four League Cups.
Sterling joined Chelsea in the summer and has also played a starring role for England in the last three major tournaments.
The Spanish right-back, 40, only spent two seasons at the club - sharing minutes with Steven Finnan in his first.
In 2008-09, Arbeloa was Liverpool's undisputed first-choice, but was quickly pinched by Real Madrid.
Arbeloa went on to spend seven years at the Bernabeu - becoming a regular for Spain's national team in the process.
The right-back played 233 times for Real, winning the LaLiga title and two Champions League crowns.
Arbeloa earned 56 international caps, helping his team win 
 straight tournaments - the Euro 2008, the 2010 World Cup and Euro 2012.
And he retired in 2017 after a brief spell at West Ham, where he made three appearances.
The Spanish forward, 35, is arguably one of Liverpool's all-time biggest flop signings.
Aspas played just 14 times in the Premier League - failing to score a single goal.
He will also go down in footballing folklore for his 
.
Aspas left the club after just one season, moving to Sevilla, before re-joining boyhood club Celta Vigo the following year.
He has since scored 131 times in LaLiga - in just 268 games - while earning his first 18 Spain caps.
To rub salt into the wound, Aspas even scored in the 2-2 draw with England in 2016.
Aspas was part of the Spain squad for the 2018 World Cup in Russia.
But he did not make the plane for Euro 2020, where Spain lost in the semis to eventual winners Italy.
Suso, 29, joined Liverpool's youth ranks from Cadiz in 2010, before stepping up to the first-team within two years.
After 14 Premier League appearances in his first season, Suso was loaned out to Almeria the following season. 
He was then sold to AC Milan with very few Liverpool fans thinking much of it - especially after he was loaned off to Genoa in his second season having played just five times in his debut year.
But since 2016, Suso has become a star, turning himself into a regular at the San Siro for three-and-a-half seasons, before joining Sevilla.
Suso has scored six goals in 95 games from the right wing for Sevilla.
And he helped them win the Europa League in 2020.
Ings, 30, joined Liverpool in 2015 with a reputation for being one of England's top young talents.
But in four years at Anfield, Ings played just 14 times in the Premier League due to injuries.
Jurgen Klopp always insisted he was a huge fan of Ings.
But ultimately he decided it was best for the player to sell him to Southampton in 2019 following a year-long loan on the south coast.
Ings netted 46 goals in 100 games during his three years with the Saints.
The striker then joined Aston Villa for £25million and scored 14 goals before 
.
 
 Conte 'to quit Spurs at end of season with club not offering him new deal'
 Man Utd Treble winner looks unrecognisable with huge beard as he poses with beer
 Victoria Beckham gets wrapped up in David's coat while watching Romeo
 Defoe dumped partner called Donna and their dog to date wife Donna
&copy