Author: Kara Godfrey
A SEASIDE town in the UK has featured in a new Hollywood blockbuster film - and it's so popular, Americans are even moving to it.
The Kent town of 
has recently been featured on a number of 'cool' lists, listed as having one of the trendiest neighbourhoods in the UK by Time Out.
It has since been featured in the new Sam Mendes film, 
, starring 
.
Set in the 1980s, the film itself takes place at the Dreamland cinema, transformed for the movie but remains closed to the public.
There is even an 
 film tour to spot all the filming locations, including the lido and Victorian train station.
As 
, I'm rarely surprised by the 'cool' factor Margate is given, thanks to its abundance of local wine bars, cafes and shops selling books and artwork.
There are also a number of art galleries popping up.
This includes Hotel Michele and Pie Factory alongside the well-known Turner Contemporary - which are even attracting people as far as the US.
Robert Diament, director of the Carl Freedman Gallery alongside actor Russel Tovey. told the 
that Margate was going "international."
He added: "Artists are moving from Brooklyn to be here."
Some have even gone as far as to 
, according to Tatler.
There are all of the new hotels popping up too.
The Fort Road Hotel that overlooks the harbor, co-working space-cum-hotel Selina, while Guesthouse plans to open their fourth hotel by spring 2023.
And that's not forgetting the 
.
The 
food scene is also a bit of a show-off.
There is the seafood restaurant Dory's, with no reservations unless you visit the sister restaurant Angela's around the corner, as well as the well-loved-by-locals Italian Bottega Caruso.
Most visitors will try and visit Sargasso - seats are in short supply but it is worth it for the 
 it has been given by food critics.
Also being home to the oldest 
 and the 
 in the UK, you'd be mad not to visit the Kent seaside resort.
 Inside ‘world’s most beautiful McDonalds’ with stain glass windows & chandelier
 UK seaside town in new Hollywood film is so cool that Americans are moving there
 Why you should always pack a golf ball in your suitcase - even if you don’t play
 The cheap UK break with activities included - for under £100 each a night
&copy