Author: Mystic Meg
ARIES
MAR 21 – APR 20
Love enters the land of dreams as Venus awakens the deepest parts of your secret desires, which can take a relationship into new, delicious territory. 
If you’re single, you allow yourself to believe the future is bright, and may be linked to “M”. 
You have a flair for cash solutions that seem unlikely on paper, but you can make them sing.
APR 21 – MAY 21
It starts with a chat about work or study ambitions – but can grow into something more. 
Your soulmate may be the one who straight away understands your goals and seeks to boost them. 
If you’re already in love, don’t forget to check in with each other every day, even if life gets busy.
Luck is linking two postcodes together. 
A style U-turn gets you noticed.
MAY 22 – JUNE 21
If it feels like you’ve been marking time love-wise, this is your moment to move forward as Venus energises your success sector. 
Single? Shake off recent false starts and set your sights on a soulmate. 
You can meet where travellers swap vehicles. 
Coupled up? Talking together about growing your bond is better than one-sided action.
JUNE 22 – JULY 22
There’s a place for you in a work or social group, but should you take it? 
Listen to your inner self, as trying to impress with surface-level glamour is not enough.
You need authentic connections, on every level.
But you know your own mind – and body. 
A moon of transformation helps you fit right in with the friend you most admire.
JULY 23 – AUG 23
As free-thinker Uranus pushes forward, you start to see a series of potential exits from difficult situations. 
Which ones you choose to take is totally up to you. 
Your chart is entering a phase of independence and courage, all of it done your way. 
So, yes, you can rip up old work and family rules – and start writing new ones. 
The luck factor links four pictures together.
AUG 24 – SEPT 22
Nobody said a personal journey would be easy. 
But don’t let this put you off, as it’s so worth doing. 
Uranus’ new direction helps you see smart shortcuts and set a new schedule for your success. 
Believing 100% you can triumph is your secret skill, and you can inspire others to feel the same way. 
Love is in wedding gear, as Venus enters your forever zone.
SEPT 23 – OCT 23
If you have any romantic gestures or gifts to deliver, make this happen early in the week, as by the end, you can be busy with more practical concerns. 
Yes, this can include choosing a new address or getting shared finances into shape – but it will benefit from a sprinkling of pure romance. 
Single? That work face that’s always so stern is secretly longing for you.
OCT 24 – NOV 22
Breaking traditions is a Scorpio trait, and as outrageous Uranus comes out of retrograde, you can give this free rein.
Put into practice all those plans you’ve been wondering about – and say yes to a new, although possibly untested, way of meeting a love interest. 
You’ve got a spark of charm that gets you noticed at work – but you do need the effort, too.
NOV 23 – DEC 21
Maybe your love world is on the quiet side, but with Venus’ help, you can be building a firm foundation for your near future. 
An “F” address or “T” connection may feature. 
Or you may simply decide to cut ties with someone who never prioritises you. 
Work-wise, when you hear about or watch a unique career in action, you realise you could do this, too.
DEC 22 – JAN 20
Unspoken feelings come to the surface, and you can be the one to find the words for two and end relationship guesswork.
If you’re still looking, Venus draws you towards a chatty Sagittarius. 
Your creative side is off the scale, and when you see a call for scripts or stories, do try to answer. 
Pluto adds weight when you need to say “no” – and that includes at work.
JAN 21 - FEB 18
With the warmth of the love planet in your values zone, you rate yourself highly, so you can stop believing in less. 
This is a great planet position for cash breakthroughs, and at last you understand some key numbers and how best to use them. 
Your sign settles into a time of positivity, perfect for choosing health or career challenges.
FEB 19 – MAR 20
Instead of saying the same things in the same way, the fresh planet influence in your chart guides you to daring words that grab attention. 
What you do next is up to you, but it can be life-changing.
Venus arrives in your personal star space, bringing natural attraction power that effortlessly crosses any room, ocean or silence. 
Look in the mirror – a winner is looking back.
Phone Meg’s live psychics on 0905 005 8102 or to pay by Credit/debit card call 08000 356 684 or mobile users call 020 7111 6406 Text a psychic. 
Just text MEG then a space and your question to 84122.
Calls cost £1.50 per minute plus your telephone company’s network access charge. 
You must have bill payer’s permission. Calls recorded for your protection. Max call duration 19 mins for 0905 number. 
Over 18s only. These services are for entertainment only. 
SMS cost £1 per received message, max 3 messages per reply. 
UK only. To opt out of free promo messages call Helpline: 020 7111 6210. 
SP: Inveroak.com, PO Box 10015, CM1 9HH.
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 Boyfriend of 23-year-old stuck in kid's body hits back at trolls crying 'creepy'
 Sleep expert reveals how to stay warm at night without putting the heating on
 I worked at Tesco and there’s a reason we always try to talk to you at the tills
&copy