Author: Jessica Lester
FORMER Love Island star Tasha Ghouri has hit back at a fan with a cryptic message about "not having a choice". 
The reality favourite - who rose to fame on the show last year - took to Twitter after a fan used her as an example in a negative tweet about Tanya Manhenga. 
, took to Twitter to hit back at a Love Island fan who lashed out about the recoupling in last night's show. 
Tense scenes saw Tanya have to choose between 
 and David Salako ahead of a dumping. 
, had been coupled up with Shaq, 24, since the first episode, but was also getting to know 
. 
The star was faced with a difficult decision last night as she had to pick between the two in the recoupling. 
"He's good looking, he's funny, and I feel like it would be a shame to watch him go before I explore what could be, so I'd like to couple up with Shaq," Tanya told the cameras. 
A Love Island viewer reposted the video to Twitter, hitting out that Tanya had "done the right thing" by picking Shaq.
However, the fan quickly fired shots at Tasha, who faced drama with her beau Andrew Le Page last year. 
The star, who picked 
 at the start of the show, got to know Billy Brown for a while before returning to Andrew.
The fan penned: "Let's hope she doesn't become this season's Tasha and keep getting her head turned at every opportunity because Shaq ain't Andrew.
"Rules that applied to Tasha definitely won't apply to Tanya."
But a furious Tasha headed to the comments section to hit back at the fan, saying she sometimes "didn't have a choice". 
"People forget it’s a TV show and sometimes I actually really didn’t have a choice in some situations," she said. 
"But you all don’t see that, so remember you don’t see or know everything..."
Tasha and beau Andrew have been going from strength to strength since they left the ITV2 show last summer. 
Last month, Andrew 
 
The former estate agent gifted her a silver promise ring from Tiffany and Co collection as a Christmas present. 
She told fans: "Everybody is probably thinking this is an engagement box - Andrew got me a gorgeous promise ring and I love it so much.
"It's so simple and I love silver. I did not expect that at all, I nearly started crying. When I first saw the box I was like... because that is an engagement box."
Tasha said the sweet gesture left her in tears, saying it's the kindest thing anyone has done for her.
"When I opened it I was literally like...I didn't know what to say, nobody has ever done that to me before and now I can wear that on my finger and that's what I mean," she gushed.
"I love something meaningful like that and something special that I can just wear all the time, it's linked to Andrew, so that's why I really love it."
But before fans could congratulate her, Tasha quickly explained that she wasn't engaged and debated which finger she should wear the ring on.
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy