Author: Jorge Hinojosa Mena
A COUPLE who left their car with Heathrow valet parking returned from holiday to find it gone.
Alexandra Kovacs and her husband paid £145 to a meet and greet parking firm at Heathrow, but after a week, they still haven't had their car returned.
The couple from King's Lynn in 
flew from 
 airport to Brasil on the 8th of December 2022.
After spending a month abroad, the couple returned to the UK on 12th January 2023.
We have teamed up with 7days Performance to offer you a special discounted chance to win the amazing cars this week.
Using the code SUN10, you will get 10p off the normal price of 99p.
Before the trip, they booked parking with a meet-and-greet firm called Universal Terminal Parking Ltd.
They reserved it through an airport parking comparison website called Ezybook.
Alexandra Kovacs said: "After seeing the horrific prices of the train tickets, we tried to look for a cheaper alternative.
"We booked it because they offered a good price, and we never thought this could happen to us.
"I received a confirmation e-mail with the telephone numbers of the drivers who will pick up our car.
"The confirmation seemed pretty professional."
Once they landed at Heathrow airport, they phoned the drivers but they didn't answer.
"I started to become suspicious, but my partner told me they might just have switched it off for half an hour.
"We waited five hours at the airport, hopping to get the car back.
"Then I decided to look at their awful reviews. Apparently, several peoples' cars had been stolen, damaged or used while they were away."
The couple booked a hotel near the airport, hoping that the parking firm would give them back their car soon.
She said: "I was so upset to have such a sad ending to an amazing holiday. 
Eventually, their Seat Leon was found on a field in Surrey.
But their car key had been lost and the police have not been able to return their car.
Universal Terminal Parking has been contacted for a comment.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy