Author: Jake Sanders
ARSENAL have completed the £27million signing of Brighton & Hove Albion winger Leandro Trossard - but admitted they don't know if he can face Manchester United.
The Belgium international becomes the Gunners' first signing of the window.
North London's newest arrival. 
 has been desperate to add depth to his frontline this month and the club have moved quickly after 
.
 had entered the final 18 months of his deal on the south coast after Brighton triggered a clause in his contract. 
And he will wear the No19 shirt at the Emirates, formerly held by Nicolas Pepe, Bernd Leno, Santi Cazorla and Jack Wilshere.
The Belgian World Cup star said: "I know the manager is a great coach and I hope to be involved in doing great things and getting better as a player in every aspect.
“I’m really excited to see the fans in the stadium. I hope I can give you my all. I want to try and create as many magic moments as possible, and hopefully we can celebrate together.
"Arteta and Edu told me they really like me as a player, that I would really suit the system and how they want to play. It helps me that I’m versatile and that I can play in different positions. 
"They’re looking forward to working with me and vice versa. I’m really excited to work with them and I think Mikel is a top coach.
“I like to be in the pocket behind the striker. On the wings, I can explore myself as well. 
"I’m comfortable in either of those positions but if I were to choose, behind the striker - but it all depends on the system.
“I think I’m good in 1v1s. I’m composed in the box, so if I get chances, I can finish them off. 
"I can hopefully help the team to win tough games - I’m great in tight spaces. I’m quite experienced as well, so I hope I can bring that to the team as well.”
Trossard was at London Colney for his medical this morning with the club desperate to get the deal signed and confirmed to the Premier League before 12pm so he would be eligible to face United on Sunday.
The transfer was eventually announced on social media at 3.31pm but the club said "all documents have been submitted" and they are "hoping Leandro will be eligible for selection" against the Red Devils. 
Arteta said: "It is good work from everyone at the club to complete the signing of Leandro. 
"He is a versatile player with high technical ability, intelligence and a great deal of experience in the Premier League and at international level.
"Leandro strengthens our squad as we head into the second part of the season and we’re all looking forward to working with him. 
"We welcome Leandro and his family to Arsenal Football Club.”
Trossard has scored seven goals in the Premier League this season, including a hat-trick at Anfield but hasn't played since the defeat to 
 on December 31.
The 28-year-old's departure comes after he left a training session early without telling manager Roberto De Zerbi.
And he was 
 for the games with Middlesbrough and Liverpool.
Asked about the transfer, De Zerbi said: "I’m sorry for the last period, but I still would like to wish Leandro good luck for the future."
He scored 25 goals and added 14 assists in three-and-a-half years at Brighton.
And he heads to Arsenal hoping to provide competition in the forward areas for the likes of Gabriel Martinelli and Bukayo Saka, who've both started every Prem game this season.
But the Gunners have an FA Cup fourth-round tie at Manchester City next Friday and are still in the Europa League, so his arrival will allow Arteta to rotate his squad in those competitions.
 Conte 'to quit Spurs at end of season with club not offering him new deal'
 Victoria Beckham gets wrapped up in David's coat while watching Romeo
 Defoe dumped partner called Donna and their dog to date wife Donna
 Ex-Premier League star throws his 'cheating c*** ex's' stuff across garden
&copy