Author: James Lawley
The reality star, 25, 
 that her 11-month-old now goes by Aire.
However, many followers of the Kylie Cosmetics boss are unsure how to pronounce the new moniker.
“I’m thinking the pronunciation is along the lines of either Zaire, or the A sounds like ‘I,’” wrote one on social media following Kylie’s name announcement.
Another suggested the name could rhyme with Ire, pronounced I-ree, which is a Nigerian name meaning “goodness.”
Other suggested the name could be derived form Ari, which is a name with a Hebrew origin that means “lion.”
If it is pronounced “airy,” it would rhyme with Stormi, the name Kylie chose for her now-four-year-old daughter.
But many fans think Aire is simply pronounced “air.”
“They’re all pretty straightforward with the names and pronunciations,” said one of the famous family.
The Hulu star, however, put the confusion to rest after she responded to a fan Instagram and confirmed it's pronounce "Air." 
The
 revealed the moniker via an Instagram post on Saturday after keeping her followers clueless for months.
Kylie and her baby daddy Travis Scott previously announced their son’s name as Wolf, but 
, saying it “wasn’t him.”
The Keeping Up With the Kardashians alum had since remained tight lipped about her son’s new moniker, 
Not only did Kylie reveal her son’s name on Saturday, but also his face for the first time.
She shared a series of full length photos to debut the adorable tot in a post she simply captioned “AIRE.”
For the first image, she and Aire posed for a mirror selfie at home.
The TV star showed off the little one's curly hair and adorable face as she dressed him in a shark-print tee.
Other photos took fans inside Kylie and Aire's home life.
One showed him smiling on the sofa wearing a beanie hat, while another pictured him sitting at a high chair.
Another shot, taken from a roll of film, saw Kylie cuddling with her baby on the floor while he was dressed in a white T-Shirt and blue jeans.
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 ITV 'axes' quiz show after first series
&copy