Author: Joshua Jones
FURIOUS Tottenham supporters protested outside of the club's training ground to vent their anger at the owners. 
The club is in turmoil both on and off the pitch at the moment with question marks over manager Antonio Conte's future. 
However, the fans are keen to ensure the club are well aware their primary discontent is centered around the top brass.
That is the Enic Group which owns 86.58 per cent and is headed up by 
 alongside 
, Spurs' chairman. 
A small group of fans gathered at the entrance to the 
 on Saturday morning. 
Some of the protesters carried placards while others pinned banners up in the hedges across the road. 
One read: "Build our team, not your own portfolio."
Another said: "£nic out, profit before glory."
And a third had a picture of the club's recent managers tagged as "innocent" with Levy and Lewis "guilty".  
The protest got a mixed reaction on social media.
One fan said: "I'm currently in Leeds, feel that I should be there!!!! Well done lads."
Another wrote: "Well done to all at the protest. Should be thousands there but shame about the turnout."
But a third added: "Come on this is embarrassing. I'm not a Levy fan but if you are going to put pics of a protest on maybe more than 20 people would be good."
And a final user commented: "Sure that's not just the queue for the bus?"
Despite the £1billion new stadium, 
 fans have seen their side lift a trophy of any kind since the League Cup 15 years ago. 
Their last league title came way back in 1961 and their current form shows no signs the barren run will end any time soon.
Tottenham, who head to Fulham on Monday night, have lost six of their last ten Premier League matches and 14 points off leaders and arch-rivals Arsenal.
The club have not brought in any new signings this month, are at risk of losing star striker Harry Kane in the summer and 
.
And now the North Londoners have been rocked by director of football 
 over three seasons at Juventus.
He is expected to appeal the decision while Spurs await to see how the ban will be enforced.
 Victoria Beckham gets wrapped up in David's coat while watching Romeo
 Defoe dumped partner called Donna and their dog to date wife Donna
 Ex-Premier League star throws his 'cheating c*** ex's' stuff across garden
 Southampton and Villa stars FORCED OFF and game delayed after DRONE flies over
&copy