Author: []
ALFIE Moon recently took it upon himself to get behind the bar in The Vic while Linda Carter was away. 
However, 
 bosses have a lot of explaining to do as 
 viewers are convinced they have a plan in mind. 
The beloved landlady played by 
 made an emotional return to Albert Square in recent scenes. 
She soon got wind that The Vic had been reopened, despite her wanting the venue to remain closed 
. 
Linda was told by her pal Sharon Watts what had been going on while she was away and she hurried over to the pub in a rage. 
Once there, she found Alfie (played by 
) in high spirits, getting business back on track with a Hawaii-themed party to put an end to the January blues.
Fans of the London-based drama were more preoccupied by Alfie's apparent new character arc. 
Swarming over to Twitter, they accused soap bosses of trying to replace the iconic Mick Carter. 
Actor 
 was last seen on screens on Christmas Day when his BBC alter ego 
. 
"Why couldn't it be Alfie who drowned instead of Mick? ffs cannot stand him. Berk. Who does he think he is opening someone else's pub! He’ll never be Mick!", one viewer fumed.
Another quickly agreed: "Losing a character like Mick is going to take some replacing and Alfie is not the new Mick the show needs a new character not a has been from the past."
"Please don’t make Linda and Alfie a couple she deserves better", one viewer pleaded. 
"Mick not being behind that bar just doesn’t feel right I miss him so much. Alfie will NEVER replace Mick!!", one fan concluded. 
Mick disappeared from Walford after saving Janine Butcher from drowning to death. 
Everything you need to know about Eastenders
Prior to this, he had found out all about her unlawful and dangerous scheming which 
. 
He was even ready to give his marriage with the latter another shot. 
Linda has to adapt to a whole new life alone and actress Kellie Bright teased 
. 
Meanwhile, fans believe she 
 who was rejected by his former wife Kat Slater. 
EastEnders airs from Monday to Thursday at 7.30pm. 
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy