Author: Dan Cain
CLARKSON'S Farm star Kaleb Cooper has revealed he and fiancée Taya are having a baby girl.
The happy couple, who got engaged on Christmas Day, found out the sex when pink smoke bellowed out of two tractors.
Kaleb, 24, and Taya, 24, were delighted and marked the moment with a big hug.
Their little girl is due in June and follows their first child Oscar, who was born last March.
Just weeks ago, Kaleb shared the pair's happy engagement news on his Instagram account with a loved-up selfie in which Taya showed off her diamond ring.
“She said yes!” he wrote next to the romantic snap of the pair standing in front of a stunning hill landscape.
He continued: “2022 has been an amazing year. This definitely tops it off. I honestly can't wait for 2023 and all the following years after that. 
“Taya you're my best friend as well as the love of my life. Was a long wait for this (six and a half years)”
Newly-engaged Taya was over the moon with the romantic surprise and commented: “I love you, can't wait to marry you!"
Meanwhile the pair’s celebrity pals flocked to offer their congratulations. 
Co-star Jeremy Clarkson's daughter Emily wrote: “Yay congrats guys!”
Gogglebox star Pete Sandiford gushed: "Congratulation to you both!"
Back in November, Kaleb revealed he and his girlfriend Taya are 
.
The straight-talking farmer, whose no-nonsense approach to 
 schemes has won him admirers, told The Sun: “I don’t know if I feel nervous or excited.
"I have always wanted to be a younger dad and I have plenty of experience with kids having to put up with Jeremy every day.
“Oscar is already better at farming than Jeremy I’m sure of it!”
He and Taya told their parents the good news after her 12-week scan.
Kaleb, of Chipping Norton, 
, said: “Taya was very excited but I said, ‘Crap, I could have timed that better’.
I’m going to be really busy next June — it’s coming into summer which is peak hay-making season.”
He added: “My next goal is to bring my small little family to my own farm.
“I’m doing all I can to try to get that. Your dreams come true when you work hard and you’re passionate about something.”
The farmer has won a legion of fans since making his debut on 
 
 in 2021.
Kaleb was brought in to help a hapless Jeremy learn how to run his Oxfordshire farm himself, having already had years of experience under his belt despite his young age.
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy