Author: Sean Keach
EVER wondered about the origins of Google and its logo? Question no more.
Here's a quick guide to the real meaning behind Google.
 – which dates all the way back to 1996 – was originally called BackRub.
This was due to the fact that the system was designed to check for "backlinks".
By counting the number of "backlinks" – links that directed to a website – it could estimate the importance of the page.
Ultimately the name was changed to Google.
It was a play on words linked to the mathematical term googol, which means a huge number (one followed by 100 zeroes).
This was supposed to represent how Google would handle enormous amounts of web data.
The Google logo is iconic, and has hardly changed since its inception.
It's now much flatter and "cleaner", but ultimately it has retain a core colour palette through most of its history.
We've come to be extremely familiar with the blue "G", red "o", yellow "o", blue "g", green "l", and red "e".
Google originally wanted to have a logo with primary colours: blue, red and yellow.
But that doesn't explain the inclusion of green.
"There were a lot of different colour iterations," said graphic designer Ruth Cedar, who detailed the process in an interview with 
 more than two decades ago. 
"We ended up with the primary colours.
"But instead of having the pattern go in order, we put a secondary colour on the L, which brought back the idea that Google doesn’t follow the rules."
It's also said that Google originally encased its first ever server at Stanford University with Lego blocks – in blue, red and yellow.
In any case, the Google logo is one of the most recognisable on the entire planet.
But can you remember the colour order of the letters without checking? Give it a go and see if your memory is up to scratch.
Looking for tips and hacks for your phone? Want to find those secret features within social media apps? We have you covered...
Get all the latest 
, 
, 
 and other tech gadget stories here.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy