Author: Joshua Jones
JARROD BOWEN celebrated his pair of goals by paying tribute to his pregnant girlfriend Dani Dyer. 
The West Ham forward and Love Island star, both 26, confirmed yesterday they are 
.
 on social media this morning.
Then hours later her man got on the scoresheet.
 managed to stay onside and poked home to open the scoring in the 
.
And he marked his sixth goal of the season by grabbing the ball and putting it up his shirt then sucking his two thumbs - in reference to the two new babies on the way. 
Bowen scored again just minutes later as he fired in from close range to 
.
But this time the four-cap England international went back to his regular celebration and pointed to his ear as he ran off in delight.
 thrilled fans when she showed off bump in a heart-warming video montage of her pregnancy journey so far.
In the clip shared to TikTok, the reality star also displayed the moment she found out she was expecting twins.
 announced the big news yesterday, telling her followers: "We have been keeping a little secret... Our little TWINS ♡ ♡
"So excited to meet our babies and watch Santi be the best big brother.
"The biggest surprise of our lives but feeling SO blessed.. our family is getting a lot bigger and we can’t wait."
She shares son Santiago, one, with former jailbird Sammy Kimmence, who was 
.
A source told The Sun: "Dani had told her inner circle towards the end of last year but everyone was sworn to secrecy.
"Both she and Jarrod were overjoyed to discover she was pregnant - finding it was twins is the cherry on the cake. Everyone is so excited."
 - the daughter of EastEnders legend Danny Dyer - 
 with £18m ex-Hull winger Jarrod in October 2021.
The pair have been inseparable since, often posting loved-up pictures from trips together, including one 
.
The TV star has even 
 with boyfriend Jarrod after 
.
 Conte 'to quit Spurs at end of season with club not offering him new deal'
 Man Utd Treble winner looks unrecognisable with huge beard as he poses with beer
 Victoria Beckham gets wrapped up in David's coat while watching Romeo
 Defoe dumped partner called Donna and their dog to date wife Donna
&copy