Author: Hope Brotherton
A FLIGHT attendant has revealed their favourite type of passenger to have onboard - and they're often treated better. 
Holidaymakers who are rude to 
 or grumble and complain may want to rethink their tiresome travel actions in the future. 
In a 
 one passenger wanted to know how they can improve a flight attendant's working day. 
They wrote: "I’m normally polite and friendly anyway, but what more can I do to make your job easier?" 
Straight away 
, and users who claimed to have their wings, flooded into the comments to explain who they loved welcoming onboard. 
For one cabin crew member, the answer was obvious. 
They wrote: "The one who sleeps the whole flight." 
Another flight attendant wrote: "
 is one that’s kind and courteous to his [their] fellow passengers. 
"This usually translates to them being nice to us but that’s not as paramount to me as much as you be nice to those around you."
Another flight attendant was quick to agree stating the importance of "basic manners" when travelling on a 
. 
They said: "Simply saying hi when we welcome you onboard, being nice to us and compliant, [and] 
 [such as] please and thank you [isn't] too much to ask." 
While "basic manners" and "kindness" cropped up a fair few times, one flight attendant had a set of specifics that they looked for in their 
. 
This included those who pay attention to the 
, anyone who uses the call button judiciously and passengers who don't hog the toilet.
They also preferred passengers who avoided "stretching, 
, baby comforting, [and] child entertainment" in the galley. 
Other favourite passengers included those who found their seat quickly and disembarked the aircraft row-by-row. 
In their weekly blog for Sun Online Travel, an
 onboard. 
For this
, those passengers who listened to the safety demonstration were firm favourites. 
They said: "I can always tell who isn't listening.
"I can imagine it being like a singer on stage and no one's listening to me. But we have to do it, it's a 
 and it's for your benefit.
"Of course, it's nothing personal, it just means we might have our favourites when it comes to potentially 
 on board.
"People that are paying attention will know what to do and we might favour them as opposed to the guys who aren't paying attention." 
Meanwhile one flight attendant revealed why they hate when 
 on the plane.
 Inside ‘world’s most beautiful McDonalds’ with stain glass windows & chandelier
 Why you should always pack a golf ball in your suitcase - even if you don’t play
 UK seaside town in new Hollywood film is so cool that Americans are moving there
 The cheap UK break with activities included - for under £100 each a night
&copy