Author: Kieran Davies
ANDREW and Tristan Tate were arrested in December 2022 in Romania and have been held in custody since that point.
The judge decided to detain both Tate brothers and their personal assistants Georgiana Naghel and Luana Radu in December.
Tate's representative Avocat Vidineac Eugen Constatin stated outside the courthouse that they have appealed the decision to not grant bail to the influencer while the investigation continues.
Mr Constatin told reporters: "The court has issued an arrest warrant for 30 days. We've appealed it, the court will decide after the appeal what the final solution is."
The Tate's lost an appeal against their 30-day detention in January 2023.
By request of Romanian organized crime agency DIIDCOT, the brothers and their two accomplices are to remain in prison until February 27, 2023 whilst the investigation continues.
The four suspects were initially held on suspicion of rape, human trafficking, and organized crime offences for 24 hours following raids on his villa and other properties. 
It is important to point out that the group have not been formally charged yet, police in Bucharest are insisting that their investigation is ongoing and that all four remain suspects.
They are alleged to have recruited and exploited women by coercing them into "forced labour... and pornographic acts with a view to producing and disseminating such material" online to "obtain substantial financial benefits".
Tate, who previously claimed to be a "trillionaire" was in fact living in a property he did not own in surroundings much different to the image he portrays online.
The big question mark at the moment remains to be seen if the Bucharest court will uphold the detention of the four suspects for thirty days while investigations continue.
Should they stick to their original decision, it gives authorities a lot more time to investigate the case further.
The charges in question are extremely serious and would no doubt carry hefty sentences if proven.
Until any of the four are charged, it is very difficult to say what happens on their release and the terms they will have to adhere to.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy