Author: James Lawley
However, some fans think the reality star made a major style faux-pas with her smart new look.
Kim, 42, posted to Instagram on Saturday to give her fans the low down on her recent trip to Harvard Business School, where she gave a talk to students.
The billionaire shared her story of success with Skims at the Ivy League institution.
The Hulu star posted a series of photos with her 341million followers to show off her business attire for the appearance.
The mom-of-four donned a black pinstripe suit which she accessorized with black leather gloves and a black leather trench coat.
She struck a variety of poses in the two-piece, which was extremely baggy, by the sign of Harvard Business School.
The sleeves of the suit even extended to her fingers while the hem of the pants fell fully to the ground.
Many fans loved Kim’s smart new look, but others had a problem with the fit.
“Great suit, but it needs tailoring,” posted one in the comments.
“All that money and she can’t wear a tailored suit. I’m cringing at her pants touching the ground in the rain,” snarked another.
A third shared: “The pinstripe suit that’s oddly ill fitting, the gloves, the trench coat over her shoulders, the facial expression. It’s just so funny.”
“Doesn’t she have a tailor?” asked another.
 on Kim’s appearance at Harvard Business School.
“Jesus, could you imagine getting into the most prestigious school ever and them bringing in Kim Kardashian to talk to you,” wrote one critic online.
But another pointed out: “She’s a businesswoman guys.”
The Keeping Up With the Kardashians alum has turned her reality career into a 
 in recent years.
Her 35% stake in Skims helped her achieve billionaire status in April 2021.
However, Kim has also turned her attention to becoming a practicing lawyer.
She 
, the equivalent to a first year law school test, in December 2021 after previously failing it three times.
While she is not enrolled in a law school, Kim is training under the mentorship of an attorney and could become a fully qualified lawyer by 2024.
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy