Author: Lucy Gornall
WHATEVER your thoughts are on the latest series of Love Island, one thing is certain: host Maya Jama looks sensational. 
At 28, the show’s new presenter has caught the eye of TV viewers not just for her beauty, but for her hot bod too.
In fact, forget ‘new year new me’; if anything’s driving our motivation to workout right now, it’s Maya’s insane figure in the 
 villa.
The presenter is no stranger to exercise and has previously explained that as well as the body benefits she feels from 
, she finds it great for her 
 too.
So shake up your workouts and add these 
 gems to your routine…
Maya’s nipped in waist is enviable. 
Although genetics do play a big part in the shape of our midsection, there are some exercises you can add to your regime to tone up the 
.
Personal Trainer Lucy Gornall recommends these three exercises - aim for ten reps of each and do the circuit three times:
Lie back on the ground, hands by your ears, legs extended. 
Keep your feet off the floor and upper body slightly off the ground. 
Lift up and slowly bring your left elbow to your right knee, bending the right knee and bringing it towards you. 
Then, extend the right leg back to the start and drive the right elbow to the left knee. Keep alternating sides. 
Lie on the ground, feet flat on the floor and knees bent. 
Arms should be straight down towards your feet. 
Slide your upper body down towards the left and tap the left heel with the left hand, then slide to the right, tapping the right heel with the right hand. 
Keep alternating, keeping your head slightly lifted from the ground. 
Get into a forearm 
, resting on your forearms and toes. 
Keep your core engaged as you slowly drop your hips down to the left, and then to the right. Keep alternating sides. 
“If you want to burn fat from the waist, look to incorporate weighted exercises and cardio.
“Plus, a
 is important when looking to lose fat - so be sure you’re taking in less than you’re burning,” says Lucy.
#strongnotskinny continues to reign, and while there’s nothing wrong at all with being skinny, Maya has previously admitted to wanting to put weight on.
In an Instagram story she shared a photo of herself at the gym with the caption: “So I’m tryna gain a stone and tone lol but I do 3 days in the gym see a small result then do f**k all for three weeks.”
She also told Stylist Strong that she wanted to build bigger legs from an early age.
What do you need for stronger legs, and muscles generally? Food and weights!
“Look to go heavy on resistance two to three times a week,” says Lucy.
“Include compound movements, which work multiple joints and muscles in one go, as they offer far more bang for your buck. 
“Turn to 
, lunges, deadlifts and chest press and aim for six reps, with the last rep being a serious challenge. 
“If it’s too easy, go heavier, but check your form is on point or you’ll end up injuring yourself.”
Lucy adds: “Then work on isolation exercises which work just one specific muscle, such as bicep curls, tricep extensions, calf raises and single leg hip thrusts.”
Head to Youtube for easy to follow guides on specific exercises.
Weights are great, but Maya also adds 
 exercises to her workout routines. 
She previously revealed to Women’s Health that before heading to Australia for her time on 
 Extra Camp, she followed a summer workout plan which involved burpees, squat jumps, planks, shoulder press, squats, crunches and press ups. 
“Bodyweight exercises are great if you’re lacking in equipment. 
“Don’t be thinking they’re all too easy just because there’s no added resistance,” says Lucy.
“The beauty of bodyweight movements is that you can go for a higher rep count as there’s no extra weight involved, plus, they place less impact on joints, so they’re ideal if you’re a beginner to exercise or are recovering from injury.”
Try three sets of 20 reps of bodyweight squats, lunges, crunches, press ups and burpees. 
“You’ll quickly start to break a sweat,” says Lucy.
If you don’t feel like trekking to the gym for a workout or lacing up and hitting the icy roads for a run, then make like Maya and get moving at home instead.
"Every morning I put good music on and dance around my bedroom or run up and down the stairs,” Maya revealed to Stylist magazine.
She’s also said she’s had an exercise bike at home so she can workout in front of the TV.
“Anything vigorous is great for getting your 
 up, burning calories and helping you to feel good,” says Lucy.
Smacking the bag is a great way to slim down and tone up.
Did you know that boxing for one hour can burn through around 800 calories? 
It’s also brilliant for toning the upper body, core and glutes.
“Once a week, I do a one-hour boxing workout with my trainer Bradley Simmonds, who keeps me motivated.
“If I’m on my own, I’ll pump up high-energy songs like Bicycle by Vybz Kartel to get me through my workout,” Maya told Women’s Health.
If boxing isn’t an option, try shadow boxing.
“For this, you’re essentially following the same pattern as you would if you were hitting a bag, but without the bag or the gloves. It’s like punching the air,” says Lucy.
“Stand with your feet shoulder-width apart. 
"Place your non-dominant foot slightly in front of the other and maintain a slight bend in the knee, engaging your lower body. 
“Throw punches out into the air, returning each fist to just in front of your face, between every punch.”
Feel free to move around, but keep your non-dominant foot in front of the other and fists in front of your face. 
Living a restrictive life and banning everything fun will not make you happy.
A healthy, 
 is essential for staying in shape, but enjoying food and eating some of the ‘naughty’ things you love is ok too.
Maya has spoken out about her love of takeaways - in particular a kebab, but if you want to build a body like Maya, be sure to pack in plenty of muscle-building protein, as well as healthy carbs and a colourful selection of fruit and veg.
“If you’re adding weights to your workouts, you’ll need to ensure you’re getting enough lean protein - think chicken, turkey, fish and eggs - as well as good nutritious carbs such as brown rice, quinoa and whole wheat pasta,” says Lucy.
Love Island airs on weekdays and Sunday nights at 9pm - watch live on ITV2 or stream on ITVX.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy