Author: Amanda Devlin
LOVE Island's Biggs Chris has revealed insider information on what happens off-screen when it kicks off in the villa after last night's huge fight.
Telly salesman 
, 21, and 
, 24, 
 last night after a kiss took place between 
, 22, and 
 24.
Now 
, 30, has warned Islanders to watch their behaviour - or risk being 
"I would be careful if I was them," 
 told The Sun. 
"You saw what happened to 
.
"I would avoid fighting as Love Island producers don't tolerate fighting at all, that's a straight exit."
Chef 
 left the reality series nine days in after breaking strict rules.
Explaining what is likely to have happened last night in the aftermath of the 
, Biggs said: "They would have been taken to separate rooms from each other.
"Producers would have intervened and tried to calm them down.
"They'd get a warning if it was close to being physical and at the very least a real talking to."
The Islanders were playing beer bong when David was dared to kiss the girl he fancies most for 30 seconds – and he picked Tanya.
Later on Haris asks David what his kiss with Tanya was like, leaving Shaq furious.
The airport security officer accused Haris of ‘s**t stirring’ and things quickly escalated as they started shouting at each other.
David was quick to call out Haris after he asked the question, saying: "What's wrong with you bro?"
Shaq piped up telling the boxer: "You're so annoying bro. You do this all the time."
Haris snapped back: "Shut the f**k up!"
Furious, Shaq raged: "You do this all the f**king time. You try and s**t stir. You s**t stir all the time."
Jumping to his feet, Haris shouted: "Don't speak to me like that," and as Ron pulled him away, Shaq retorted: "I'll speak to you however I want." 
The other lads intervened and got them to walk off to other parts of the villa to calm down.
Ahead of host 
's debut series on the show, ITV announced its 
 protocols for islanders.
Stars were given "guidance and training around mutually respectful behaviour in relationships". 
It included identifying negative behaviours in relationships and 
Here's your rundown of the 2023 Love Island contestants
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy