Author: Sandra Brobbey
Kirsty Hanson’s first-half-leveller saw the Citizens drop points at home in the league for the second time this season.
, who have gone 13 games unbeaten across all competitions, are currently five behind WSL leaders Chelsea. 
But they could end up eight points off the Blues if the league leaders beat Liverpool at home on Sunday. 
Dali and Hanson, who is on loan from Man United, helped pull the strings in 
 attack as they notched up their second win in a row since the start of this year. 
Of Dali’s display, Daly, who previously played alongside the France playmaker at West Ham, told Sky Sports: “This girl's a special talent.
“She doesn't quite get the credit that she deserves. 
"We had chemistry before (on the pitch) when we're at West Ham together straight off the bat and we've brought it here."
Victory for Villa has seen them go unbeaten against City home and away in a WSL season for the first time since their promotion to the top tier in 2020. 
They put in an effective counter-attacking display equalising within three minutes of their hosts’ opener. 
The team are now fifth before their league cup quarters clash with Arsenal on Thursday. 
Villa boss Carla Ward said: "I don't think there's been a game this year where we parked the bus. 
"If we're going to shorten the gap (between ourselves and other teams) over the next couple of years, it’s important we continue to play with the style and identity that we set out at the start of the season.
"To be fair this (performance) will give the girls hope.
"We have gone out and competed with one of the best teams in the country and possibly dented their
hopes."
City got off to a flyer with Khadija Shaw almost capitalising on a Villa error
The visitors’ goalkeeper Anna Leat gave the ball away in the fourth minute with Chloe Kelly hitting the side netting moments later. 
And Gareth Taylor’s side took the lead in the 28th minute with Deyna Castellanos poking home after an assist threaded through from Shaw. 
But the visitors burst their bubble shortly after with Hanson levelling just minutes later, after a looped delivery from Daly. 
The second spell saw Kerstin Casparij come on for City after an injury to Esme Morgan with Rachel Corsie coming for Danielle Turner. 
And both sides came close to nabbing winners with Hanson thumping the post with a curved effort and Shaw forcing a close range save from Leat in injury time. 
City boss Taylor said: "Our concentration span was poor for the goal we conceded. 
"We just couldn't quite get the symmetry right. 
"It’s tough (to concede a quick goal). It’s always horrible when that happens.
"A point is not what we wanted. We wanted three points but I think given the performance, it’s a point that we appreciate."
 Conte 'to quit Spurs at end of season with club not offering him new deal'
 Man Utd Treble winner looks unrecognisable with huge beard as he poses with beer
 Victoria Beckham gets wrapped up in David's coat while watching Romeo
 Defoe dumped partner called Donna and their dog to date wife Donna
&copy