Author: Daniel Nuttman
DAME Ann Gloag is one of Scotland's richest women, after being responsible for the creation of one of the biggest transport companies in the UK.
 started the company with her brother, and it has run many different types of service during its time, including bus and railway services. This is what we know about her.
Gloag is thought to have a net worth of around £730 million along with her brother, Sir Brian Souter.
As well as Stagecoach, Gloag has had many other business interests, including acquiring Manston airport in 
 in 2014.
She is a co-founder of the company, which started in 1980.
She withdrew from her role as a director in the company in 2000, after the death of her son the previous year.
She retired from a position as a non-executive director on the board of the company in 2019.
Her brother Souter retired from his role as chairman in the same year but stayed on the board.
Both Gloag and her brother remain majority shareholders in the business.
Gloag was made a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire in the 2019 New Year Honours list.
This was awarded in recognition of her extensive business and charitable work in the 
and overseas.
Gloag owns two large properties in Scotland.
She acquired Beaufort Castle near Inverness in 1995. It was built in 1880 and was built by the Byset family.
She was given the go-ahead to build a holiday resort at the estate, in 2021.
The plans were subject to protests from locals after she initially announced plans to build 50 homes and have a glamping area on the site in 2019.
She also owns Kinfauns Castle in Perthshire, buying the property in 2004.
In 2007, a court ruled that she was legally entitled to bar the public from an area of woodland on the grounds of Kinfauns Castle.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy