Author: []
IT'S something we all do, twice a day (hopefully) without fail.
But in your quest for 
, it turns out you might be inadvertently putting yourself at risk of eating poo particles.
Taking to 
, dentist Dr Jordan Brown, reminded us all that your toothbrush might have picked up traces of your faeces when you flush the toilet.
But, Dr Jordan also shared a helpful trick to test if your 
 has been exposed to the grim particles.
He said if you can see your toilet and your toothbrush in the same field of vision without moving your head then it's likely your brush has poo on it.
"There's a 99 per cent chance you have faecal matter on your toothbrush.
"Aerosols from the toilet spray up in the air and they get everywhere including on your toothbrush," he said.
Dr Brown, who posts under 
, advised his followers to flush with the toilet closed in order to avoid the spray.
Previous 
 have found that one single toothbrush can harbour more than ten million bacteria.
Oral health expert Dr Upen Vithlani, a dental professional from 
 
toothbrushes can be contaminated in many ways.
Dr Vithlani warned: "From leaving our toothbrush out uncovered, from an open-flushed toilet or contaminants from toilet spray that remain airborne long enough to settle on bathroom surfaces.
"And if you drop your toothbrush on the floor, forget the five second rule as airborne bacteria from the floor and the dirt from people’s feet including faeces can find its way into your mouth and cause health problems."
He added: "There are thousands of bacteria in our mouths so you can imagine how many there are on your toothbrush!
"Some of these contribute to dental decay and to gum disease. There are healthy bugs that are always in your mouth and some bad bugs too that don't cause a problem unless we let them grow and multiply so it's important to keep your mouth (and your toothbrush!) as clean as possible and don't let things slip."
Scientists previously revealed a 
 which showed how an 'invisible plume' can spread from flushing your toilet - that carries potentially deadly germs in the air.
They said that this can be a health hazard for whoever uses the loo after the person had a number two.
The US research team used bright green lasers and cameras to reveal for the first time how they are rapidly ejected from a lidless public cubicle.
Lead author Professor John Crimaldi said: "If it's something you can't see, it's easy to pretend it doesn't exist.
"But once you see these videos, you're never going to think about a toilet flush the same way again.
"By making dramatic visual images of this process, our study can play an important role in public health messaging."
The experts from the University of Colorado, found that poo and pee particles that shoot out of the loo when you flush carry deadly bacteria such as
.
The invisible droplets also carry viruses found in poop, including 
.
When propelled by the force of a flush the dangerous particles can travel the length of fridge in under a second - exposing anyone who is standing above to a host of nasty bugs, they said.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy