Author: Tom Duffy
SHOCKING footage shows the moment thugs hurled bottles and attacked workers in a street brawl outside a Wetherspoons pub.
The chaotic scenes outside the Thomas Frost pub in 
 were captured on camera before going viral on social media.
It is unclear how the fight started as a woman's voice in the background can be repeatedly heard shouting "get out, get out" as the carnage unfolded.
Video footage shows a large group of men throwing punches at each other as the 
 erupted.
A man who appears to be security desperately tries to stop the brawl escalating but it soon spills onto the road.
The security guard and others who appeared to be workers saw glass bottles hurled at them as they ushered people back inside.
During the footage, one man can be seen lying on the ground in front of moving traffic.
A number of yobs then swarm him and throw kicks and punches while he lay on the ground.
Other men were filmed throwing punches at each other as shocked pubgoers looked on.
Empty beer bottles, cans and plastic cups were seen littering the pavement outside the pub where the chaos broke out.
At one point a man with a frightened dog tries to cross the road with carnage unfolding around him.
While motorists looked on stunned as they had to stop their journeys because of the street brawl.
Cops confirmed that three men were arrested on suspicion of being drunk and disorderly in a public place.
Police added that no injuries were reported after the violent scenes today.
Merseyside Police said in a statement: "Three men have been arrested following a disturbance in Walton this afternoon, Saturday 21 January.
"Just after 3pm, officers were called to an altercation at the Thomas Frost pub on County Road. No injuries were reported.
"Three men, aged 22, 33 and 55, were arrested on suspicion of being drunk and disorderly in a public place."
Wetherspoons have been contacted for comment.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy