Author: James Flanders
MILLIONS of households receiving PIP will see their payments rise in April.
This is because 
 and Universal Credit payments will rise in line with 
 rate of 10.1%.
The uplift was announced by Jeremy Hunt in his 
 last year.
Costing £11billion, the uplift will help 10million households in total and all three million of those receiving 
.
 is available for those aged 16 or over who have not reached the state pension age.
Right now the 
 is worth up to £156.90 a week, so it's worth checking if you can make a claim.
PIP is made up of two parts and whether you get one or both of these depends on how severely your condition affects you.
How much you get also depends on how your condition affects you.
Those on the daily living part of PIP get either £61.85 or £92.40 a week - but this will rise to £68.10 or £101.75 a week from April.
Some may get the mobility part of PIP if they need help going out or moving around. 
The weekly rate for the 
 part is either £24.45 or £64.50 - but this will rise to £26.90 or £71 a week from April.
So those receiving the higher weekly rate for both the daily living part and mobility part will see their PIP payments rise by £15.85 a week or £826.46 a year from April.
And those receiving the lower weekly rate for both the daily living part and mobility part will see their PIP payments rise by £8.70 a week or £453.64 a year from April.
To qualify for PIP you have to have a health condition or disability where you either have had difficulties with daily living or getting around (or both) for three months.
There should also be an expectation that these difficulties will continue for at least nine months - unless you’re terminally ill with less than six months to live.
You’ll be assessed by a health professional to work out the level of help you can get and your rate will be regularly reviewed to make sure you’re getting the right support.
You can make a new Personal Independence Payment (PIP) claim by calling the 
 on 0800 917 2222.
This is the government department tasked with paying out benefits to millions every year.
There are also other ways to claim if you find it difficult to use a telephone. Visit Gov.UK for more information.
When you claim, you'll need:
Someone else can call on your behalf, but you’ll need to be with them when they call.
You'll then be sent a form to fill in, after which you'll be invited for an assessment or your health or social care worker will be asked for information.
After this, you'll be sent a letter telling you if your claim has been successful.
You can read Citizens Advice’s help on preparing for an assessment on their website.
Both legacy 
 and Universal Credit payments will rise in line with 
 rate of 10.1% in April.
The increase in line with inflation is designed to help people 
Last April, 
 but prices have soared even more since then.
The following benefits will increase in April:
We've previously explained 
.
 Martin Lewis’ urgent warning over direct debits that could see you paying more
 I visited UK's smallest house - but it's TOO tiny ... I hated it
 Exact amount PIP will rise this year - will you be better off?
 Major mobile network to scrap free data roaming in Europe for millions
&copy