Author: []
NICKY immediately caught Gabby Thomas' eye upon his arrival in Home Farm. 
The hunky nanny has an important announcement for her in upcoming 
 scenes. 
With Kim Tate taking both of them under her wing, Gabby Thomas (portrayed by 
) and Dawn Fletcher (
) needed their children to be taken care of.
And although the latter chose to head back to the vet surgery and was even given an exciting job opportunity by Rhona Goskirk, Gabby remained determined to impress Kim. 
As a result, Home Farm welcomed a new employee in the form of Nicky (
) who was hired as a nanny. 
Nicky instantly hit it off with Dawn and Gabby's children - and the latter was quickly charmed by his good looks. 
But when she tried to make a move on him as they were sharing a bottle of bubbly, 
 and Nicky insisted he wasn't interested in her romantically. 
However, in scenes due on 
 next week, Nicky backtracks and makes a shocking confession. 
Gabby is thrilled to learn the attraction she feels for Nicky is mutual. 
But as a true professional, Nicky shows restraint and refuses to cross that line. 
Could he change his mind? 
Meanwhile, Will Taylor (
) is convinced two employees are to blame for thefts in Home Farm. 
The ex-con confronts both Lydia and Sam Dingle in upcoming scenes, accusing them of stealing. 
For several years, the couple have been working on the large Home Farm estate as a cleaner and gamekeeper. 
Could they really be responsible for things going missing in the property? 
Or could Nicky have something to do with it? 
While 
 with Nicky, viewers of the Yorkshire-based drama have learned not to fully trust newcomers. 
Everything you need to know about Emmerdale
Many of them have chosen to keep a close eye on Nicky, believing him 
. 
This is mostly due to Nicky's past being shrouded in mystery as he seemed to appear in the eponymous village out of nowhere. 
However, actor Lewis Cope revealed more about his character's history during a recent interview. 
"Nicky's a great character. He's very relatable, likeable, and I'm just having fun with him", he said before moving on to Nicky's experience with children which helped bag the job in Home Farm. 
"When Nicky was 16 his mam passed away, and he's the oldest of six - and he's basically looked after the kids since they were growing up. So he had a lot of experience with kids, and that's what got him into nannying."
But could he be hiding something sinister? 
Emmerdale airs weeknights from 7.30pm on ITV. 
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 ITV 'axes' quiz show after first series
&copy