Author: Nadgeena Jerome
A BIG-BUSTED woman has shared her three favorite plunge bras from a clothing haul that give her the support and lift she needs.
The content creator shared online her current plunge bra favorites from a Bravissimo clothing buy that accentuates big busts and doesn't break the bank.
Big Boobie Bible founder Lara Miller Rosenthal connects with viewers by showing them a few of her personal go-to bras from the fashion brand, 
.
The Big Boobie Bible is an online community catered toward women who struggle with finding the right bra for their bigger busts and provides reviews and recommendations.
According to the company's website,  the company's mission is to "inspire women with big boobs to feel amazing" and celebrate their diverse figures.
In an 
, Rosenthal goes into detail about the most promising features of each bra and their practical uses. 
The first bra that the content creator mentions is the 
, $68, in a nude color. 
"I absolutely love this. It's lightly padded and it gives me such a lovely rounded shape," she says. 
The bra expert adds that she also loves the detachable strap feature of the item that allows it to create a racerback effect that looks great on a multitude of body shapes.
The next brassiere she shows viewers is the 
, $72, in a satin black. 
"It's all just such a smooth material, giving you such a clean line under your clothes," she demonstrates with the bra. 
She mentions that one difference from the previous is that it is a little extra padded for more of a lift in the chest, but it also has the detachable option at the back of the bra as well.
Last but definitely not least, the content creator showcases her new favorite, the 
, $68, in a simple T-shirt material that she claims is amazing. 
What she says is a major selling point with the item is that it has a chic J-hook feature on the back that is more common with sports bras.
"It has this J-hook at the back which you clip together to make this racerback option," she states.
She then says she sometimes prefers to wear the Panache bra that way because she likes the additional support it provides, like a sports bra. 
All of the trendy plunge bras she displayed are perfect for different occasions and events.
Each individual style offers an opportunity to uplift big-boobed women and give them the confidence to wear low-cut tops. 
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 Sleep expert reveals how to stay warm at night without putting the heating on
 I worked at Tesco and there’s a reason we always try to talk to you at the tills
&copy