Author: James Flanders
THOUSANDS of hard-up households can get up to £500 in free cost of living cash within weeks.
The cash support comes through the 
 worth £421million.
The scheme was first established last year, extended for the second time in the 
 and for a third time in November to help those on the lowest incomes with the rising cost of living.
Each council gets a different portion of funding depending on the size of the catchment area, population, and need.
The 
 so you'll have to check to see what you can get and how your council will pay you.
You'll usually need to be on a low income to receive the help.
For example, thousands of residents in the London Borough of Haringey can get electronic vouchers or cash direct to their bank accounts to help pay for food, utility bills and other essentials.
Eligible households can get up to £500 in free cash depending on their circumstances.
Local authorities have had some autonomy on how they use the 
 to reach the vulnerable people in their communities.
Eligibility requirements will vary depending on where you live - so check directly with your council if you could get the cash help.
For example, residents eligible for the scheme who live in Haringey could get up to £500.
To be considered for the payment you must: 
You cannot apply if you received a Household Support Fund payment in the last 12 months.  
Qualifying benefits include:  
If your application is successful, you'll receive either: 
How much support a household receives depends on their individual circumstances.
Some households will be notified that they can apply for the cash help and others will receive the cash automatically.
Again, your council will set out whether or not you need to apply for the free cash.
Those who live in Haringey and think they're eligible for the Household Support Fund will need to apply by filling in an online form.
You need the following information to complete your application: 
The council has also written to some residents that they've identified as eligible for support.
Your local council will likely have its own version of the scheme going and you should get in contact with them to find out more.
But be quick - while the deadline for councils to hand out the latest tranche of HSF cash support is March 31, 2023, it's done on a first-come-first-serve basis.
For example, thousands of residents in 
 at supermarkets.
And eligible households can get up to £180 in free supermarket vouchers depending on their circumstances.
Thousands of residents in 
 are also due electronic 
.
As part of the Autumn Statement, it was revealed 
Eight million households currently get 
 worth up to £650, but eligibility criteria could change under any new rules.
Pensioners have also started getting a 
.
The current 
 
 payment is being 
 to millions on a low income.
You qualify under the current rules if you normally get the 
, but this could change under the new rules.
The £300 
 payment is paid on top of the other winter support.
You'll need to be:
Struggling families are eligible for the 
 to help them tackle the 
.
The scheme is where eligible households can get £150 off their 
 each winter - but you'll have to wait until the colder months to get the money off.
Households in England and Wales don't need to apply to get the cash and 
 if they are receiving certain benefits.
You can read more about who's eligible 
.
There are also plenty of energy grants and schemes open to help you out if you're struggling:
There's also 
 if you're on a prepayment meter.
 Martin Lewis’ urgent warning over direct debits that could see you paying more
 I visited UK's smallest house - but it's TOO tiny ... I hated it
 Exact amount PIP will rise this year - will you be better off?
 Major mobile network to scrap free data roaming in Europe for millions
&copy