Author: Kiro Evans
FOOTBALLING icon Lionel Messi is reportedly set to snub a move which would see him join Cristiano Ronaldo in the Saudi Arabian Pro League.
The World Cup winner was linked with an astonishing £306million-a-year contract offer from Al-Hilal.
But reports suggest that 
 as his future rumbles on.
Meanwhile, Chelsea have suffered a blow to their transfer plans as Borussia Dortmund ace 
 has penned a new three-year deal in Germany.
However, 
that Jude Bellingham prefers a move away from Dortmund despite their huge bid to keep him at the club.
West Ham were rejected by Sevilla striker Youssef En-Nesyri as he did not want to live in the London cold, according to reports.
The Moroccan has been heavily linked with a transfer this month.
The Hammers wanted to bring him to the Premier League and were reportedly willing to match Sevilla's £17.5million asking price.
But En-Nesryi turned down the move as he was put off by the cold climate in London, report Estadio Deportivo.
He is used to living in warmer conditions and is interested in moving to Nice.
Youssufa Moukoko has committed his future to Borussia Dortmund by signing a long-term contract until 2026 with the Bundesliga side.
The teenager was a target for several Premier League clubs, but the striker will be staying in Germany.
He said: “I was honoured by interest of other clubs, but ultimately it’s a decision of the heart.
“Fans have always supported me, and I also want to give something back to them and the club.”
Arsenal want to pay Martin Zubimendi's £52.5million release clause but it's claimed the anchorman is reluctant to leave Real Sociedad.
The Spain star, 23, signed a five-year deal at the LaLiga club in October 2022.
And he reportedly refused to raise his release clause to £79m, fuelling speculation a transfer could happen.
But for now at least the opposite appears the case with the one-cap midfielder.
has come through the ranks at Real Sociedad, only ever playing for them.
The White and Blues are third in the table, just three points behind first place 
, while the club are still going strong in the Europa League.
Manchester United have made an approach for Monaco's Axel Disasi, reports say
The Frenchman, 24, was used as a right-back at the World Cup but is normally a central defender.
Andaccording to 
, the 
 have launched an initial approach to sign Disasi from Monaco.
Having lost Disasi's centre-back partner 
 for £35million earlier this month, the Ligue 1 side will not want to lose a second defender on the cheap.
Monaco will reportedly demand north of £44m for Disasi's signature.
And United will face strong competition to complete a deal.
 are also in the race, having made Disasi a "priority target".
Arsenal are one of a number of clubs offered the chance to snatch Dusan Vlahovic.
A dramatic week off the pitch for Juventus 
 and be left languishing in mid-table, 12 points off a Champions League place.
 report that a chance to play in Europe’s top competition is important to Vlahovic, and Juve are open to letting him go.
Manchester United, Chelsea, PSG and Bayern Munich are believed to be the other clubs in the running for the Serbian’s signature.
Chelsea’s January dealings may not be over with reports indicating they are interested in Barcelona’s Franck Kessie.
 report the Blues want the midfielder and would be willing to weigh up a swap deal for Hakim ZIyech.
The Moroccan enjoyed a very good World Cup and has recently worked his way back into Graham Potter’s starting line-up.
But Barcelona are believed to see him as a potential replacement for Memphis Depay, 
 this week.
Leandro Trossard could be in for his Arsenal debut today - and it could hardly come in a bigger game. 
After an acrimonious exit from Brighton, the Belgian will be keen to do his talking on the pitch and give the Gunners' title hopes a boost against Man United this afternoon. 
Having arrived at the Amex in 2019, these are Trossard's numbers from his first three-and-a-half years in the Premier League. 
2019-20: 31 games, 5 goals, 3 assists
2020-21: 35 games, 5 goals, 5 assists
2021-22: 34 games, 8 goals, 3 assists
2022-23: 16 games, 7 goals, 2 assists
Crystal Palace shareholders Josh Harris and David Blitzer are considering bidding for a stake in Manchester United, according to reports.
The American duo bought 18 per cent each of Crystal Palace in 2015, but have since reduced their combined stake in the Eagles to under 20 per cent.
Financial experts value the Red Devils at an eye-watering £7billion, which could put off potential buyers and make a partial sale more likely.
Should this be the case, Harris and Blitzer could look to make a bid for a stake in the club that would still see the Glazers remain majority shareholders.
Harris and Blitzer own a network of sports teams in the US. They control the Philadelphia 76ers in the NBA and New Jersey Devils in the NHL.
Former Barcelona manager Luis Enrique is being considered for the Brazil job.
The 52-year-old was in charge of Spain in Qatar and watched their tournament fall apart as they were dumped out at the round of 16 to Morocco. 
But he could be set for another big international job as reports suggest he could replace Tite. 
He left the Brazil role after they similarly experienced a disappointing World Cup campaign. 
Arsenal's chances of signing Declan Rice have been boosted as the player is reportedly keen on the switch.
The midfielder could leave West Ham in the summer in search of Champions League football.
There is no shortage of interest in Rice with 
 and 
 believed to be long-term suitors.
But 
 may be the frontrunner to land the England star as Rice is keen to work with Mikel Arteta, report 
.
The Gunners boss has reportedly even started planning for where the West Ham captain would fit into his team.
West Ham could demand around £100million to let Rice leave.
Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti has ordered Arsenal to keep their hands "untouchable" star Eduardo Camavinga. 
Reports in recent days have linked the Gunners to the midfield dynamo. 
But Ancelotti has been made clear he is not for sale. 
He said: "We will not let Camavinga leave, he's untouchable — like Modrić and Toni Kroos."
Arsenal are set to unveil new £22m defender Jakub Kiwior after the Poland World Cup star completed a medical, 
. 
The Gunners have agreed a deal with his Italian club Spezia and the centre-back will sign a five-and-a-half year deal. 
Kiwior, who turns 23 next month, played in each of his nation's World Cup clashes in Qatar. 
Antonio Conte will leave Tottenham at the end of the season, according to reports.
The Italian is only under contract with the Lilywhites until June. 
 possess the option to trigger a 12 month extension in the deal.
But according to Italian expert Gianluca 
, they will let Conte's contract expire and he will depart.
He said: "The news I can tell you with certainty is that Antonio Conte will leave Tottenham at the end of the season. There was no spark, his contract is expiring and the club has not asked him for a renewal.
"The club does not like the frequent jibes. Conte wants players to win, while the club prefers to trade, the feeling with the club has not clicked."
Chelsea's January dealings may not be over with reports indicating they are interested in Barcelona's Franck Kessie.
 report the Blues want the midfielder and would be willing to weigh up a swap deal for Hakim ZIyech. 
The Moroccan enjoyed a very good World Cup and has recently worked his way back into Graham Potter's starting line-up. 
But Barcelona are believed to see him as a potential replacement for Memphis Depay, 
 this week. 
Manchester United reportedly want Alejandro Garnacho to sign a mammoth EIGHT-year-deal.
The 18-year-old has given a glimpse of what he is capable of this season and set up the assist for Rashford in last week's Manchester derby. 
The Red Devils want to tie him down long-term, according to the 
, but Garnacho's represents favourite a shorter four year deal. 
The Argentine youth international has made eight Premier League appearances this season. 
David Moyes has gone out to bat for Frank Lampard after West Ham beat Everton in a crunch game at the London Stadium yesterday. 
The defeat has left the Toffees facing the worst start to a season their entire 145-year history. 
But Hammers boss Moyes said: "I hope they stick with Frank. He's a top bloke."
Elsewhere, Everton owner Farhad Moshiri failed to give a vote of confidence to the ex-Chelsea midfielder. 
When asked about Lampard's fate, Moshiri said: "It's not my decision."
West Ham have reportedly had a bid for Roma star Nicolo Zaniolo rejected - leaving the door open for Tottenham. 
 report that the Hammers tried to swoop for the 23-year-old but Roma held firm to keep hold of one of their main stars. 
Zaniolo has long been linked to Spurs and they are believed to still be pursuing a potential deal.
Arsenal will hold further talks with Real Valladolid over full-back Ivan Fresneda.
The Gunners appear to be closing in on another January target as they look to push themselves over the line in the Premier League title race. 
The 18-year-old full-back is highly rated and Valladolid are attempting to get the best possible deal on the youngster. 
 report that Arsenal will be come back to the table this week to try and secure a deal. 
David de Gea is prepared to take a wage cut to get a new contract settled, SunSport has 
. 
have just activated their 12-month option on the goalkeeper, keeping him at the club until the end of next season.
The Spain star, 32, would love to stay way beyond that and is hoping for a minimum three-year extension if he can agree a new deal.
Now Old Trafford sources claim 
 told club bosses he is after security, rather than trying to hold them to ransom — and if that means slashing his wages, then he will do so.
United had reportedly set their sights on Yann Sommer as a potential replacement but the goalie 
. 
Everton are trying to find £15million to land Sheffield United striker Iliman Ndiaye. 
The Senegal ace is a scoring hit in the Championship with ten goals and seven assists from 28 games. He also took his speed and skills to the Qatar World Cup in the latest part of his fairytale career. Now Toffees chiefs want Ndiaye to join their attack for the relegation fight and are putting together the funds to buy him.
Ndiaye, 22, is central to the Blades’ bid to get back to the top flight but his contract is up after next season. Boss Paul Heckingbottom will be anxious as Ndiaye would be a huge loss and there are doubts about how much of the sale he would get to spend.
Southampton have their eye on Chelsea right wing-back Silko Thomas. The Saints hope to see the 18-year-old before deciding on a move when his Blues deal runs out in the summer.
Thomas played for Sheffield United in an Under-21 game during an extended trial but the Blades need a defensive full-back. The Blues ace started as a winger so is ideal for a team with wing-backs. Despite being in the market for a full-back, Blades boss Paul Heckingbottom is open to signing the teenager and could rival Saints for his signature.
Man City have completed the signing of Maximo Perrone, according to reports. The Argentinian wonderkid joins on a five-year deal from Velez Sarsfield, claims Fabrizio Romano.
“Manchester City have completed the signing of Argentinian talent Máximo Perrone — documents are signed on clubs/player side, here we go confirmed,” he tweeted.
“Perrone joins Man City until June 2028 from Vélez — done deal as revealed in December, now completed & official soon.”
Frank Lampard has spoken up about his future – lamenting the loss of Richarlison as a huge blow ahead of what has become a troubled season.
“It would be hard for me to sit here and talk about the right direction in terms of recent results,” Lampard said.
“I’ve said it before games recently. We stayed up by the skin of our teeth last year. We were five points shy of safety with not many games to go.
“I said the other day I think we would maybe stay where we are and someone gave me a second question and said is that competitive enough talk, as such?
“But for me if you are in a club where, over recent years, the club has moved downwards with serious investment, the environment now, the conditions now are that we don’t have that investment and we sold our number nine and we are trying to rebuild.
“That doesn’t mean that straight away you will start climbing straight away. It means that you are going to have to dig in as a club and I am prepared to dig in.”
Liverpool teenage defender Calvin Ramsay is a loan target for Championship pair Watford and Swansea.
The right-back, 18, has already made his Reds debut after signing from Aberdeen last summer.
And he has done enough to catch the eye of Hornets boss Slaven Bilic and Swans chief Russell Martin. Both sides are chasing promotion and believe the one-cap Scotland defender could help them.
Liverpool are reluctant to let Ramsay out even though he is still in the shadow of Trent Alexander-Arnold and his chances of a start will be slim this season.
Reds boss Jurgen Klopp has huge faith in the starlet they signed ahead of many rivals and is happy for him to stay put.
Everton are trying to find £15million to land Sheffield United striker Iliman Ndiaye.
The Senegal ace is a scoring hit in the Championship with ten goals and seven assists from 28 games.
He also took his speed and skills to the Qatar World Cup in the latest part of his fairytale career.
Now Toffees chiefs want Ndiaye to join their attack for the relegation fight and are putting together the funds to buy him.
Ndiaye, 22, is central to the Blades’ bid to get back to the top flight but his contract is up after next season.
Boss Paul Heckingbottom will be anxious as Ndiaye would be a huge loss and there are doubts about how much of the sale he would get to spend.
Jude Bellingham is expected to turn down a double-your-money new deal when he meets Borussia Dortmund bosses this week.
And that will officially kickstart the £100million-plus auction for the 19-year-old England midfielder, who is wanted by Liverpool, Real Madrid and both Manchester clubs.
Dortmund have a sit down planned with Bellingham over the next couple of days and want a swift answer on his plans.
It is understood the Bundesliga outfit are prepared to make him the highest-paid player at the club, on around £180,000 a week, for a further five years.
Yet Dortmund are equally aware Bellingham wants to test himself at a higher level, following his eye-catching performances at the World Cup.
SunSport revealed this month that would-be buyers have been told they must pay 75 per cent of any total fee up front — with his former club Birmingham also due a cut.
They are happy not to stand in Bellingham’s way if he does insist he wants to go, as long as he gives them an answer which gives them time to line up a replacement.
Bellingham can expect to receive offers of around £300,000-a-week wages but the grounded teenager has always insisted will put his football progression before finances.
Southampton have their eye on Chelsea right wing-back Silko Thomas.
The Saints hope to see the 18-year-old before deciding on a move when his Blues deal runs out in the summer.
Thomas played for Sheffield United in an Under-21 game during an extended trial but the Blades need a defensive full-back.
The Blues ace started as a winger so is ideal for a team with wing-backs.
Despite being in the market for a full-back, Blades boss Paul Heckingbottom is open to signing the teenager and could rival Saints for his signature.
Man City have completed the signing of Maximo Perrone, according to reports.
The Argentinian wonderkid joins on a five-year deal from Velez Sarsfield, claims Fabrizio Romano.
"Manchester City have completed the signing of Argentinian talent Máximo Perrone — documents are signed on clubs/player side, here we go confirmed," he tweeted.
"Perrone joins Man City until June 2028 from Vélez — done deal as revealed in December, now completed & official soon."
Frank Lampard has spoken up about his future - lamenting the loss of Richarlison as a huge blow ahead of what has become a troubled season.
"It would be hard for me to sit here and talk about the right direction in terms of recent results," Lampard said.
"I've said it before games recently. We stayed up by the skin of our teeth last year. We were five points shy of safety with not many games to go.
"I said the other day I think we would maybe stay where we are and someone gave me a second question and said is that competitive enough talk, as such?
"But for me if you are in a club where, over recent years, the club has moved downwards with serious investment, the environment now, the conditions now are that we don't have that investment and we sold our number nine and we are trying to rebuild.
"That doesn't mean that straight away you will start climbing straight away. It means that you are going to have to dig in as a club and I am prepared to dig in."
 Conte 'to quit Spurs at end of season with club not offering him new deal'
 Man Utd Treble winner looks unrecognisable with huge beard as he poses with beer
 Victoria Beckham gets wrapped up in David's coat while watching Romeo
 Defoe dumped partner called Donna and their dog to date wife Donna
&copy