Author: Olivia Perl
AS unlikely as the fact seemed even a couple of years ago, UGG is back with a bang and the once loved winter boot has made a new name for itself in the fashion good books.
Jumping on the platform trend, the 
 is super popular but also pricey at £145. I've found an inexpensive solution to the spenny problem.
Ego has launched its - deep breath - 
 which is over £100 cheaper than UGG's 
.
In fact they're just like these other 
 but with the added oomph of a platform.
The 
 is an ankle height boot with a two inch platform (or flatform as it's endearingly called on the Ego website).
It has a fluffy, cosy interior made from faux faux and a soft exterior which is made from a synthetic version of suede - so no animal by products there although it doesn't claim that the overall boot is vegan for plant based friends out there.
But for veggies, this is the perfect alternative to the woollen interior of the 
 which are also made from suede. They have the same two inch platform and are very slightly shorter at 3.5 inches compared to Ego's four inches.
The 
 come in the classic UGG brown as well as green, nude, purple and black alongside other patterns.
And both have a range of sizes starting at UK3 and reaching up to UK9 for Ego and UK10 for UGG.
Something that I've always loved about UGGs is how easy they are to style. Wear with a hoodie and leggings as slippers or for popping to the shops or if you're doing something that requires a little bit more effort, then dig around for some skinny jeans and pair with those.
I think this platform style actually looks super cool with wider legged jeans untucked too. Basically, you can wear these with pretty much anything.
And if you fancy an extra 20 percent off, make sure to use the code: 
 at checkout.
So that means it takes the original price of £40 down to £32. Yes please. 
There's no word on how long this offer is running so act fast if you don't want to miss out.
Get your capsule collection sorted with 
.
It might sound obvious, but you need the 
 in your winter wardrobe and these are our favourites.
And these are the
 to buy right now.
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 I’m a gypsy girl & never go to the toilet in our caravans, it has a different use
 Multi-millionaire on Rich House Poor House pays broke man £50k a year
&copy