Author: James Lawley
The reality star, 25, 
, and showed his face in new photos after keeping his identity secret for eleven months.
But some fans have their suspicions over the timing of the sudden announcement.
“He’s so cute!” shared one on social media. “But I really want to know what made her decide to post him all of a sudden.”
Another agreed: “I wonder, too. I'd think she would post on his first birthday coming up.”
A third suggested the timing might relate to Kylie’s 
 from baby daddy Travis Scott.
“I’m guessing Travis was the one who didn’t want him posted and now that they’re broken up she can do what she wants,” guessed the sleuth.
But others think the announcement could be a distraction from a negative upcoming event in the Kardashian family’s much-publicized life.
“Maybe they’re covering a bad press story up,” predicted one fan.
“Right,” agreed another. “I was gonna say, who’s pregnant?”
A third chimed in: “100%. They're trying to distract from something else that's about to hit."
Another wrote: “God, I hope it isn't Rojean,” referring to Rojean Kar, Travis’ alleged mistress.
Kylie took to Instagram on Saturday January 21, 2022 to announce that her baby’s new name is Aire, after she and Travis 
.
The mom-of-two also posted the first full photos of her baby son, revealing his face for the first time.
For the debut image, she and Aire posed for a mirror selfie.
The Hulu star showed off the little one's curly hair and adorable face as she dressed him in a shark-print babygrow.
Other photos took fans inside Kylie and Aire's home life.
One showed him smiling on the sofa wearing a beanie hat, while another pictured him sitting at a high chair.
Another shot, taken from a roll of film, saw Kylie cuddling with her baby on the floor while he was dressed in a white T-Shirt and blue jeans.
The Keeping Up With the Kardashians alum simply captioned the post "AIRE" and added a white heart emoji.
The reveal comes just weeks after it was reported that Kylie and Travis have 
.
News broke January 7 that the pair had gone their separate ways after spending the holidays apart, although it is understood they never lived together in their five-year-relationship.
However, a source told 
 that the pair has "split several times in the past”, meaning this parting is probably not "the end of their relationship."
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy