Author: Debbie White
CHAP Goh Mei marks the final day of the Chinese New Year celebrations.
It is also known as the lantern festival, where new year decorations are replaced with red lanterns to celebrate the first full moon of the year.
Every February, the Chinese observe the Lantern Festival, or Chap Goh Mei - the Hokkien term for the 15th night of the New Year.
This day marks the end of the 
 when lanterns are lit and hung, and people watch dragon dances in the street.
The day is also known as Yuan Xiao Jie, and is an important 
 signifying the end of the 
 celebrations.
New year decorations are normally taken down on this day, and replaced with red lanterns to celebrate the 
.
Apart from being a big event in 
, it is also marked in other Asian countries, including 
, 
 and 
.
is marking the special day with a special 
 celebrating "the annual Taiwanese celebration, known as the Lantern Festival, one of the nation’s most treasured occasions that fall on the first full moon of the Lunar New Year".
There are many legends and stories about the traditions and celebrations of Chap Goh Mei.
The 
 paper in Malaysia explains that legend has it that a "beautiful crane flew down to earth from heaven only to be slaughtered by some villagers".
The story continues that the Jade Emperor vowed vengeance on the villagers as it was his favourite crane that they had killed.
The Jade Emperor planned to send a storm of fire down on the 15th lunar day, but his daughter, Zhi Nu, warned the villagers of his plan.
They could not think of a way to escape the wrath of the emperor until a wise man from another village suggested every family should hang red lanterns around their houses, set up bonfires on the streets and set off firecrackers on the 14th, 15th and 16th lunar days. 
After doing this, the troops descended from heaven on the 15th day with orders to incinerate the village but saw that it was already “ablaze” so left without doing anything.
They then reported this to the Jade Emperor.
This is the reason why people now celebrate the anniversary of the 15th lunar day every year by carrying lanterns on the street and setting off firecrackers.
Chap Goh Mei is also known as the Chinese Valentine’s Day.
Tourism Malaysia explains that according to folklore, young men in ancient times could only see young women on Chap Goh Mei (also known as Chap Goh Mey).
On this particular night unmarried women - who were forbidden to go out every other day of the year - would throw tangerines in the river or sea to enable them to marry good husbands.
Reuters reported in Malaysia how this tradition persists to this day, with thousands tossing tangerines into the water, hoping the fruits would be picked up by a potential romantic partner.
It's still observed among Malaysians of Chinese descent in this majority Muslim nation and takes place on the final night of the 15-day 
 celebration.
On Chinese Valentine's Day in Malaysia, women write their names, telephone numbers and emails on the skins of the tangerines. 
If a man is interested in a woman, he hands over a banana with his details on it.
Chap Goh Mei is a popular festival date, marking the end of the Chinese New Year celebrations.
Apart from being synonymous with Chinese Valentine's Day, it is also a day when big family gatherings are held, to tuck into plenty of good food.
 states: "Chap Goh Mei is also often regarded as the last day that families can toss yee sang (Cantonese-style raw fish salad) together, with the auspicious act believed to bring booming prosperity in the coming year." 
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy