Author: Carol Bielfeld
THE Stylistics were belting out their Seventies smash You Make Me Feel Brand New – and judging by the packed dance floor it was going down a storm.
Couples and groups of friends shimmied as they sang along: “God blessed me with you, you make me feel brand new.”
The song celebrates support and love from partners and friends.
And let’s face it, the not-so-youngsters in the audience and on the dance floor had all lived long enough to experience it.
It was just one of the highlights of our weekend break at Warner’s Littlecote House, a gorgeous 
 manor near Hungerford in 
 that has probably seen a celebration or two since it was built in the mid-1500s.
Now one of Warner Leisure Hotel’s historic gems, the grounds contain a Roman mosaic floor. 
 courted 
 here and the D-Day landings were planned within the house.
The adults-only retreat promises good food, activities ranging from 
 to air-rifle shooting and of course, great entertainment.
After our night of dancing, a hearty breakfast set us up for a short drive past pretty thatched cottages to the Ramsbury Brewery on Saturday morning.
On the brewery tour we tasted the 
 and were offered taster-size, half or full pints.
As I had a gin-tasting session booked for the afternoon, I stuck to the little tasters but others enjoyed the bigger measures.
Ramsbury brews beers and makes vodka and gins, all from the wheat, barley and produce grown on its modern, 
 farm.
Nothing wasted, all 
. So that afternoon I felt quite virtuous downing my full-size gin and tonics at the tasting back at Littlecote House.
It’s not all alcohol-fuelled revelry, though. Our archery lesson was held in the fresh air but I dismally failed to get even half of my arrows to hit the target. We had a giggle, though.
There were sheep grazing the field behind the targets . . . and if my arrows were to go far enough, there might have been lamb for lunch. Instead, we had afternoon tea in the elegant Chinese Room.
At 2pm, a triple-tier platter of sandwiches, 
 and clotted cream with cakes and pastries proved almost impossible to munch through.
Our waitress brought big pots of 
, but we didn’t manage to eat even half of the super spread — but it was lovely trying.
A walk through the gardens and grounds afterwards was just what we needed. There are guided tours to help you discover the very best of this special place.
With so many activities laid on throughout the day, it really isn’t possible to do everything. 
Quizzes and games, indoor sporty things such as snooker, bowls and table tennis — the choice was ours to do as much or as little as we wanted.
I did take part in the line-dancing class, and even made a bit of progress. But it was a shame more men didn’t join in to even up the numbers.
Some of the ladies were seriously good, but the teacher did help the beginners.
Sunday morning whizzed by so quickly and there was only just enough time for a swim in the pool before our 
.
I opted for a 
. It’s not something I am used to, so I was a bit nervous, but soon relaxed lying on a lovely warm bed.
Angie cleansed and pampered my dry skin with the Temple Spa products. The Breakfast Smoothie 
 was a first for me.
But my skin was brighter and smoother afterwards, which surprised me, as I am really sceptical about some beauty product claims.
All too soon, our three-night stay was up.
We had enjoyed a real mix of quiet relaxation in the beautiful, historic building, some energetic dancing, as well as walks — and so much lovely food in the Popham restaurant.
It really did make me Feel Brand New.
 Warner Leisure Hotels has three-night breaks at Littlecote House from £275pp including breakfast, three-course dinners, live music, pools and activities. 
See 
, 0330 100 9774.
 Inside ‘world’s most beautiful McDonalds’ with stain glass windows & chandelier
 UK seaside town in new Hollywood film is so cool that Americans are moving there
 Why you should always pack a golf ball in your suitcase - even if you don’t play
 The cheap UK break with activities included - for under £100 each a night
&copy