Author: Jack Keene
The luckless jock, 23, faces an uphill battle to be fit for the biggest meeting of the year after he broke his leg for a FIFTH time.
He 
 in two places after taking a heavy fall from the ill-fated Top Bandit at Naas on January 8.
It is the latest in a string of serious injuries the young Irishman has suffered in just a few years.
He has had separate spells on the sidelines with a broken arm, collarbone, ribs and toe - while you can also chuck a couple of shoulder dislocations into the mix.
His latest injury setback prompted former champ
 to ride as super-sub for the Gordon Elliott stable.
 - 
:
 - 
 - 
: 
 -  
 
: 
 - 
: 
 - 
William Hill: 18+. Play Safe. When you sign-up via Mobile using promo code P40 and place a bet of £10/€10 or more we will give you 4x £10/€10 free bets credited after settlement of first qualifying bet, free bets will expire 30 days after the qualifying bet is placed, payment method/player/country restrictions apply. Virtual markets excluded. #ad 
Betfair - Place a min £10 bet on the Sportsbook on odds of min 1/2 (1.5), get £30 in Free Bets. Rewards valid for 30 days. SMS verification required. Only deposits via cards will qualify. T&Cs apply. Please Gamble Responsibly 18+ 
Paddy Power: Applies to £10+ singles placed on any Horse racing market, min odds 1/2 (1.5). £5 Free bet will be awarded after qualifying bet settlement, valid for 30 days. Opt-In Required. T&Cs apply. Please Gamble Responsibly. 18+ Begambleaware.org
Sky Bet: New customers only. First single & e/w bet only odds of 1/1 or greater. 3 x £10 bet tokens. Free bet stakes not included in returns. Free bets only redeemable on horse racing. Free bets are non withdrawable. No free bet expiry. Eligibility restrictions and further t&cs apply.
Ladbrokes: 18+ New UK+IRE Customers only. Certain deposit methods & bet types excl. Min first £/€5 bet within 14 days of account reg at min odds 1/2 to get 4x £/€5 free bets. Free bets available to use on selected sportsbook markets only. Free bets valid for 7 days, stake not returned. Restrictions + T&Cs apply. Begambleaware.org
Coral: Eligible UK+IRE players. Paypal & some deposit & bet types excl. Min first £5 bet within 14 days of account reg at min odds 1/2 = 4x £5 free bets. Free bets valid for 7 days, stake not returned. No cash-out, restrictions & T&Cs apply. 18+ T&Cs Apply. Begambleaware.org
Kennedy, who won the Gold Cup in 2021 on Minella Indo, missed the Festival in 2020 after breaking his leg at Leopardstown in early February.
On that occasion, he fractured his left femur and didn’t return to the saddle for over seven months.
He will be desperate to avoid the same fate this year - with Russell currently in line to take his big-race rides on Conflated, Teahupoo and Mighty Potter.
Nice guy Kennedy has been bored out of his mind on the sofa at home with a cast on his leg, but he is hoping for good news when he goes for a check-up on Friday.
Kennedy said: “I’m not too bad, it’s frustrating but I’m just resting at home with my leg in the cast. There’s not much else I can do at the moment.
“I haven’t started any rehab yet, I have to wait until I’m out of my cast. I’m back in hospital on Friday when I hope they’ll be able to take it off.
“Thankfully I didn’t need an operation in the end, it wasn’t a bad break and it definitely could have been a lot worse.
“I’ve had my fair share of injuries but it comes with the job unfortunately, it’s a part of racing.
“I’ve broken both legs but I’ve never broken my tibia before, this is a new one.
“I’m just taking it day by day, I will work hard to get back but it’s impossible to say when I’ll return at the moment.”
Commercial content notice: Taking one of the bookmaker offers featured in this article may result in a payment to The Sun. 18+. T&Cs apply. Begambleaware.org
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Ex-Premier League star throws his 'cheating c*** ex's' stuff across garden
 Southampton and Villa stars FORCED OFF and game delayed after DRONE flies over
&copy