Author: Bryan Brunati
Jenni Farley, better known as JWoww from the MTV series Jersey Shore, had her own reaction to Kim's $200,000 purchase.
It all kicked off when the podcast The Betchelor took to Twitter to share a 
 of Jenni wearing a very revealing top on Jersey Shore.
"BREAKING: Kim Kardashian has purchased JWoww’s iconic yellow halter top for a record breaking $400,000," the parody tweet read.
Jenni responded hours later and wrote: "Lmaooo amazing."
Fans were also quick to react to her hilarious response as one said: "Most iconic shirt!"
"It’s American history. Put it in plexiglass," another user commented referring to Jenni's halter top.
"Does it come with a spinning elbow?" one fan chimed in noting the famous scene where Jenni spun around and punched her co-star Mike "The Situation" Sorrentino in the face.
While fans were loving JWoww's reaction to it all, not everyone has been on board with Kim spending the big bucks on the piece of jewelry. 
The Hulu star purchased the necklace for $197,453 at a Sotheby's auction, according to 
.
Princess Diana wore the Attalah Cross at a London charity gala in 1987 to match her plum gown - the accessory was a loaner from the Garrard jewelry company.
"Why [does] she keep doing stuff like this? This is cringe on another level," one frustrated person wrote on a Kardashian online thread upon learning of the purchase.
Another added: "This is so disturbing," while a critic said, "She is on a mission to buy every dead celebrity’s stuff."
The Keeping Up With the Kardashians alum, 42, is no stranger to snatching up famous pop culture pieces.
Back in 2019, Kim purchased her then six-year-old daughter North a 
 worn by legendary entertainer Michael Jackson.
The pop star wore the jacket - that Kim bought for $65,625 - to Elizabeth Taylor’s 65th birthday party in 1997 and then to a screening of the film Ghost.
"North is a really big Michael Jackson fan and we knew she would love this," the mom of four wrote at the time.
“We won this on an auction for Northie for Christmas.”
Kim also bought the 
 from his Smooth Criminal music video for $56,000, which she said: "still had his makeup on it."
The backlash has not stopped the Skims founder from continuing to get her hands on iconic items and clothing.
At the 2022 Met Gala, Kim received heavy criticism for her decision to wear Marilyn Monroe's iconic $5million gown to the event.
Following the gala, photos showed 
, prompting fans to accuse Kim of ruining the ensemble.
The images came after a 
 a room full of people at Ripley’s Believe or Not in Orlando, Florida, trying to help Kim squeeze into the dress before the Gala.
Despite 
 to fit into it, she was forced to leave the back of the gown open to avoid ripping.
However, the museum would later deny the dress was damaged.
"From the bottom of the Met steps, where Kim got into the dress, to the top where it was returned, the dress was in the same condition it started in," Amanda Joiner, Ripley's vice-president of publishing and licensing, said in a statement in July 2020.
 originally wore the gown when she sang Happy Birthday Mr. President to 
 in 1962.
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy