Author: Joshua Rom
LOVE ISLAND fans were left perplexed as tears flowed in tonight's recoupling. 
In tense scenes that aired on TV, the girls were forced to choose which islander to couple up with. 
In a shock move, 
, 26, picked 
, 26, in the recoupling. 
This left 
, 25, looking devestated as she was left to choose 23-year-old Buckinghamshire farmer 
.
This was after the blonde beauty kissed the financial advisor on the balcony of the villa. 
But after Tanyel made her decision in 
, Lana wiped away tears from her cheeks as she was forced to make her decision.
Fans rushed to twitter as they were shocked by the events in the villa.
One fan wrote: "When I say I’m flabbergasted that tanyel picked Ron." 
A second viewer said: "Not the tears from Lana."
Whilst another tweeted: "Bruv these tears. It’s been 4 days. I’m perplexed."
A fourth noted "Omg the tears in this villa, it’s been less than a week."
Meanwhile a fifth said: "Lana is in TEARS i’m howling help me."
Meanwhile, 
, 24, was dumped from the Island after no girl chose to couple up with him. 
, 25, was also left in tears as she entered the villa with the money advisor and confessed in the beach hut that she will miss him. 
Although fans were not buying it as they accused the star of "crocodile tears."
One fan wrote: "Why is Zara crying crocodile tears."
A second joked: "Zara is shedding one too many tears couldn’t have bonded that much on the flight."
A third fan commented: "Zara, what are these tears for?."
Whilst a fourth asked: "zara dry ur fake tears pls it’s been two days."
Meanwhile a fifth noted: "Zara crying cause David is leaving why didn’t you pick him then."
Here's your rundown of the 2023 Love Island contestants
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy