Author: Jack Elsom
Politicians were gobsmacked by the 
revealing the murderers, terrorists and rapists sneaking into the country - and demanded 
 get a grip.
Restless Tory MPs say Immigration Minister 
 is now starting to believe that leaving the 
 is the answer.
One said: “Jenrick knows that if he doesn’t fix this he’s finished. 
"And he knows the only way to sort this out is by leaving the ECHR jurisdiction.”
Government insiders promise imminent legislation will be “radical”, with speculation it could override some of the Euro rules used by lawyers to block deportations.
Our report showed that many foreign criminals are still living in this country, with some even claiming benefits on the taxpayer.
One breathtaking case disclosed an Albanian thug who killed his wife is currently working at a Northampton car wash while on the dole.
Fuming Tory MP 
 told the Sun: “They should be sent straight back and it’s ridiculous that they can’t be.
“And I would say to all those leftie lawyers, and the Labour Party, who think that all these people are coming from war-torn countries, to look at these cases.”
Tory MP Marco Longhi said: "This is horrific. Taxpayers and British citizens have reached the end of tether. I am fed up with leftwing-minded people conflating true refugees with people seeking asylum when they clearly are not refugees.
“Virtue signalling do-gooders are doing a huge disservice to ordinary people.
“The consequence of our lack of will to sort this mess out is the UK fast becoming the home of every criminal in the world seeking a new life - all they have to do in the UK is claim asylum as they jump out of a dinghy.
“Well I won’t stand for this and there are many more colleagues of mine who are increasingly fed up with this outrageous situation.”
Shadow Home Secretary Yvette Cooper said: “These very serious security breaches show 
 has totally failed to get a grip.
"The Home Office should have proper controls in place yet they are failing to tackle the rapid growth in criminal gangs who are organising dangerous boat crossings and profiting from putting lives at risk.”
 has made the Channel crisis one of his 
 for the New Year.
He will unveil legislation in the coming weeks to crackdown on 
 and ensure nobody who comes here illegally is allowed to stay.
A No10 spokesman said: “We'll continue to do whatever it takes to remove dangerous foreign criminals from the UK.”
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy