Author: Jessica Lester
MICHELLE Keegan has been spotted looking stunning in a plunging red dress on holiday with Mark Wright. 
The actress jetted off to Dubai alongside former The Only Way Is Essex star 
, for a break in the sunshine. 
, stunned as she headed to the Atlantis The Royal hotel in Dubai for the grand reveal of the luxury hotel. 
The Brassic star pulled her brunette locks back into a bun to ensure the focus was entirely on her bright red dress. 
Michelle opted for a short red gown, cut high up her thigh, with a plunging neckline that showed off her assets. 
The former Coronation Street star, who was best known for playing Tina McIntyre, wore matching long red gloves.
She carried a bright gold clutch bag as she posed beside her husband, who looked dapped in a black suit and bow tie. 
The couple jetted out to the UAE for the opening of the new hotel, where they have been enjoying the sunshine. 
It comes after Michelle was photographed looking incredible in a black minidress for 
.
She showed off her toned legs in the eye-catching outfit which she finished with strappy black stilettos and a small red handbag.
Mark wrapped an arm around his wife as they smiled at the opening of Nobu at the five star Atlantis, The Royal resort.
The star-studded sake ceremony was hosted by restaurateur and chef Nobu Matsuhisa himself.
He told guests: “Thank you for coming. I’d like to introduce my modest traditions from Japanese culture.
“Today is a very special day. I’d like to celebrate with all of you guys. Enjoy the party!” 
Mark and Michelle certainly looked the part for the occasion as they posed with their backs to a stunning view over the city.
It was a double celebration for the pair, with Mark also celebrating his 36th birthday, and they let their hair down with a few drinks.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy