Author: Kiro Evans
FORMER Arsenal winger Alexis Sanchez has taken a dig at Manchester United.
 international reposted his goal against United playing for Arsenal on social media.
Then captioned the post with: "You will always be in my heart. You were my first family in England and everyone took good care of me, especially the fans.
Meanwhile, all the focus today will be on a new addition to the side in Leandro Trossard as he looks to make his 
And Mikel Arteta's project reportedly 'appeals' to West Ham winger Declan Rice who is said to be 
If Arsenal need any doubt who the danger man for Man Utd is, they need look no further than Marcus Rashford.
The Red Devils forward has a sensational record against the Gunners.
He has been involved in eight goals in his 10 Premier League starts against Arsenal (four goals, four assists).
Rashford loves playing against today’s opponents.
If Arsenal need any doubt who the danger man for Man Utd is, they need look no further than Marcus Rashford.
The Red Devils forward has a sensational record against the Gunners.
He has been involved in eight goals in his 10 Premier League starts against Arsenal (four goals, four assists).
Rashford loves playing against today’s opponents.
Man United head to the Emirates this afternoon knowing they will have to improve their recent record on this ground.
The Red Devils can only boast of one win in their last seven trips to the North London stadium, with that win coming under Jose Mourinho in a frantic game in 2017.
There’s no reason why there shouldn’t be goals today with both teams in hot form.
But no team has scored more than three goals in this fixture since United’s famous 8-2 win in 2011.
But we should expect the ball to hit the back of the net at least once given there’s only been two 0-0s in the last 20 games between these two.
Manchester United legend Gary Neville reckons the Red Devils lack the "firepower" of Prem top two Arsenal and Man City.
Ahead of this afternoon's clash at the Emirates, Sky Sports pundit Neville said:  "I think they’re short compared to other teams. They are a little bit short upfront.
"You think about Weghorst coming in, he was a stop gap. 
"The others seem to have more firepower.
"But United, from where they were at the start of the season, are in a really good position."
Gary Neville has ruled out Manchester United winning the Prem this season.
's Red Devils go into this afternoon's clash at the Emirates eight points behind leaders Arsenal.
And despite Ten Hag being the only manager to get one over on 
 in the 
this season, United legend Neville believes his former team will NOT win the title.
The ex-England defender told Sky Sports: "I don’t think they (Man Utd) are (in the mix for the title).
"I think they’re short compared to other teams. They are a little bit short upfront.
"You think about Weghorst coming in, he was a stop gap. 
"The others seem to have more firepower, but United, from where they were at the start of the season, are in a really good position."
After all the speculation that Lisandro Martinez might be moved into midfield, United boss Erik ten Hag has gone for the obvious - replacing suspended Casemiro with Scott McTominay.
That's the only change from Wednesday's 1-1 Prem draw at Crystal Palace as the Red Devils take on leaders Arsenal at the Emirates, KO 4.30pm.
New winger Leandro Trossard is on the bench for unchanged, table-topping Arsenal at home to Manchester United today.
1. Ramsdale, 4. White, 12. Saliba, 6. Gabriel, 35. Zinchenko, 8. Odegaard, 5. Partey, 34. Xhaka, 7. Saka, 14. Nketiah, 11. Martinelli.
Arsenal want to pay Martin Zubimendi's £52.5million release clause but it's claimed the anchorman is reluctant to leave Real Sociedad.
The Spain star, 23, signed a five-year deal at the LaLiga club in October 2022.
And he reportedly refused to raise his release clause to £79m, fuelling speculation a transfer could happen.
But for now at least the opposite appears the case with the one-cap midfielder.
has come through the ranks at Real Sociedad, only ever playing for them.
The White and Blues are third in the table, just three points behind first place 
, while the club are still going strong in the Europa League.
Mikel Arteta revealed how Sir Alex Ferguson helped fire Arsenal’s title charge, 
.
The
 says he was inspired by Fergie’s “brutal honesty” when the Scottish legend was 
 manager.
 at Old Trafford in 2011 even kick-started Arteta’s own Emirates career.
The Spaniard played for 
 and 
 when 
 won five of his 13 Prem titles at United.
Arteta said: “What really captured me was his presence, his charisma and the way he talked. How honest and brutal he was opinions about players and the game.
“I had a few conversations, not formally, but with people around him and it was more listening than talking.”
Arteta joined the Gunners just three days after 
’s side were blitzed at Old Trafford on August 28, 2011 — their biggest loss to United.
He said: “The circumstances are sometimes necessary for someone to be given the opportunity. Unfortunately it had to be the 8-2 because it was a big result.
“I don’t think it was just the result that got me here, but it probably helped. After that, the rest is history.”
The Gunners' new £22milion defender Jakub Kiwior wil be unveiled after completing a medical.
The Gunners have agreed a deal with his Italian club Spezia and the centre-back will sign a five-and-a-half year deal.
Kiwior, who turns 23 next month, played in each of his nation’s World Cup clashes in Qatar.
Leandro Trossard could be in for his Arsenal debut today - and it could hardly come in a bigger game. 
After an acrimonious exit from Brighton, the Belgian will be keen to do his talking on the pitch and give the Gunners' title hopes a boost against Man United this afternoon. 
Having arrived at the Amex in 2019, these are Trossard's numbers from his first three-and-a-half years in the Premier League. 
2019-20: 31 games, 5 goals, 3 assists
2020-21: 35 games, 5 goals, 5 assists
2021-22: 34 games, 8 goals, 3 assists
2022-23: 16 games, 7 goals, 2 assists
Man United head to the Emirates this afternoon knowing they will have to improve their recent record on this ground. 
The Red Devils can only boast of one win in their last seven trips to the North London stadium, with that win coming under Jose Mourinho in a frantic game in 2017.
There's no reason why there shouldn't be goals today with both teams in hot form. 
But no team has scored more than three goals in this fixture since United's famous 8-2 win in 2011. 
But we should expect the ball to hit the back of the net at least once given there's only been two 0-0s in the last 20 games between these two.
Arsenal's chances of signing Declan Rice have been boosted as the player is reportedly keen on the switch.
The midfielder could leave West Ham in the summer in search of Champions League football.
There is no shortage of interest in Rice with 
 and 
 believed to be long-term suitors.
But 
 may be the frontrunner to land the England star as Rice is keen to work with Mikel Arteta, report 
.
The Gunners boss has reportedly even started planning for where the West Ham captain would fit into his team.
West Ham could demand around £100million to let Rice leave.
It's stating the obvious to say Manchester United's chance of winning at the Emirates would be a hell of a lot better with Casemiro in the side, 
. 
He's been magnificent this season, cutting out passes here, getting a toe in there, and stroking killer passes around all over the place. And now Erik ten Hag is going to have try and stop Mikel Arteta's men with his Rolls-Royce stuck in the garage. 
But I do think there's a danger of his importance being overplayed here. 
Whoever comes in for Casemiro - more than likely Fred or Scott McTominay - has got to keep a lid of Martin Odegaard and that is easier said than done.
Real Madrid boss Carlo Ancelotti has ordered Arsenal to keep their hands "untouchable" star Eduardo Camavinga. 
Reports in recent days have linked the Gunners to the midfield dynamo. 
But Ancelotti has been made clear he is not for sale. 
He said: "We will not let Camavinga leave, he's untouchable — like Modrić and Toni Kroos."
Arsenal are set to unveil new £22m defender Jakub Kiwior after the Poland World Cup star completed a medical, 
. 
The Gunners have agreed a deal with his Italian club Spezia and the centre-back will sign a five-and-a-half year deal. 
Kiwior, who turns 23 next month, played in each of his nation's World Cup clashes in Qatar. 
David de Gea is happy Manchester United and Arsenal have both re-emerged as Premier League forces. 
The pair face off at the Emirates today in a game that could have a big say in where the title will end up in May. 
And de Gea was left reminiscing about the past when the two ruled English football 20 years ago. 
He said: "Both teams have always been massive clubs, always playing to win trophies. 
"So it's nice to play each other now when both teams are in such good shape and playing well."
One hallmark of Arsenal's season is Mikel Arteta opting to stick with the same starting line where possible. 
But he has an exciting new option he could throw in today with Leandro Trossard potentially in line for a debut. 
SunSport had a go at predicting what team might step out onto the Emirates turf at 4.30pm against Manchester United. 
Ray Parlour believes an Arsenal title win this season would match the Invicibles, 
.
The Gunners legend has been speaking ahead of today's huge clash at the Emirates between the Gunners and Man United.
He said: "I'd be over the moon if they won it. 
"That would be right up there with the achievements we managed in our era." 
Arsenal's last league win saw the London club go through an entire 38-game programme unbeaten in 2004. The achievement has not been replicated since in the Premier League. 
Arsenal are one of a number of clubs offered the chance to snatch Dusan Vlahovic.
A dramatic week off the pitch for Juventus 
 and be left languishing in mid-table, 12 points off a Champions League place. 
 report that a chance to play in Europe's top competition is important to Vlahovic, and Juve are open to letting him go. 
Manchester United, Chelsea, PSG and Bayern Munich are believed to be the other clubs in the running for the Serbian's signature. 
For many years Arsenal and Manchester United were the Premier League's main draw. 
Whether it was Arsene Wenger v Sir Alex Ferguson or Patrick Vieira v Roy Keane, there was rivalry and animosity everywhere you looked. 
After years in the wilderness for both it now appears the pair have re-emerged from the woods at the same time and will duel over this year's Premier League title. 
Arsenal, the favourites for the league, can potentially end United's bid this afternoon. Victory would send them 11 clear of Erik ten Hag's side with a game in hand. 
But if United win they can close to within five points of Arsenal and apply serious pressure to their London foes. 
Arsenal will hold further talks with Real Valladolid over full-back Ivan Fresneda.
The Gunners appear to be closing in on another January target as they look to push themselves over the line in the Premier League title race. 
The 18-year-old full-back is highly rated and Valladolid are attempting to get the best possible deal on the youngster. 
 report that Arsenal will be come back to the table this week to try and secure a deal. 
Former Arsenal winger Alexis Sanchez has pulled on the heart strings of every Gunners fan.
The tricky winger reposted a video of from the Arsenal Instagram account which showed him scoring a fantastic goal against Liverpool.
And he wrote a caption saying: "You remembered me. I will never forget you too.
"You will always be in my heart. You were my first family in England and everyone took good care of me, especially the fans!
" All the best Gunners!!"
Mikel Arteta admits Arsenal’s worst ever defeat by Manchester United played a part in bringing him to the club, writes DAN KING.
Arteta joined the Gunners as a player just three days after Arsene Wenger’s side lost 8-2 at Old Trafford in August 2011.
The Arsenal boss said: “The circumstances are sometimes necessary for someone to be given the opportunity to experience something.
“Unfortunately it had to be [the 8-2] because it was a big result on the day. I don’t think it was just the result that got me here, but it probably helped. After that the rest is history.”
Wenger’s teams continued to play pretty football after their last title in 2004, they never really had the strength – physical and mental – to fight for the championship as the Invincibles of Thierry Henry and Patrick Vieira did.
Arteta said: “Having that balance and having those qualities in the squad is necessary. To have the mentality and capacity to control emotions that is required to play on big stages is very necessary.
“And the physical aspect is necessary. Without that you cannot compete over 11 months in the conditions in which we work. We have tried to build a team that has everything.”
Arsenal are locked in discussions with Valladolid over the signing of Iván Fresneda, according to Fabrizio Romano.
The Italian journalist tweeted: “Understand Arsenal have started talks to explore the signing of Iván Fresneda from Valladolid. Discussions are taking place on clubs and agent side.”
He added: “Fresneda, on the bench tonight as he has chances to leave next week. There are 3/4 clubs keen on signing Spanish RB.”
A stunning report claims Juventus striker Dusan Vlahovic has been offered to Man Utd and Arsenal. 90min have revealed the Red Devils and the Gunners are one of several clubs that have been contacted about the Serbian striker’s availability.
The former Fiorentina marksman is said to want a move from the Old Lady, after they were docked 15 points for transfer irregularities.
That has left the Serie A giants languishing in 10th spot and languishing behind in the race for Champions League qualification.
Chelsea and PSG have also been alerted to his current situation – with the centre forward said to want to leave the club in the near future.
Arsenal were willing to pay Martin Zubimendi’s release clause to sign him in January, according to reports.
The Real Sociedad midfielder is free to talk to other clubs if they bid £52million.
Carrusel Deportivo claim the Gunners were happy to pay that fee.
However, Zubimendi has decided he did not want to leave the club mid-season.
Mikel Arteta has revealed how Sir Alex Ferguson helped fire Arsenal’s title charge.
The Gunners boss says he was inspired by Fergie’s “brutal honesty” when the Scottish legend was Manchester United manager.
Arteta said: “What really captured me was his presence, his charisma and the way he talked. How honest and brutal he was about certain opinions he had about players and the game.
“I had a few conversations, not formally, but with people around him and it was more listening than talking.”
 Conte 'to quit Spurs at end of season with club not offering him new deal'
 Man Utd Treble winner looks unrecognisable with huge beard as he poses with beer
 Victoria Beckham gets wrapped up in David's coat while watching Romeo
 Defoe dumped partner called Donna and their dog to date wife Donna
&copy