Author: Jane Matthews
THOUSANDS of Brits will be given free tickets to King Charles' Jubilee bash. 
The plans for the monarch's three-day party 
 - including two royal processions in central 
. 
Thousands of people all over the 
 will be encouraged to stage street parties in another stunning show of pageantry to the world.
A blockbuster concert ­featuring global pop icons, who may include 
 and 
, is also planned at 
.
And fans across the country will have the chance to get their hands on tickets. 
 said last night that a national ballot will be held by the 
, offering "several thousand" pairs of tickets to lucky Brits. 
 It did not offer any further details on when the ballots will be opened, but suggested people keep their eyes on the BBC. 
Meanwhile, the plans for the Jubilee have been revealed. 
The two parades on Coronation Day will conclude with members of the 
— including the newly-crowned 
and his 
 — waving from the balcony at Buckingham Palace.
Iconic locations around the UK will be illuminated with projections, lasers and drone displays as the “centrepiece” of celebrations to mark His Majesty’s crowning in a very modern way.
Royal experts predicted the event will “dwarf” even last year’s ­spectacular celebrations for the 
.
Some detail was held back such as how the King and Queen Consort will travel from 
 to 
 for the ceremony — and back again.
But it is expected they will be in the traditional gold carriage at some stage.
The events will take place on Saturday May 6, Sunday May 7 and Monday May 8, which has been declared a bank holiday to mark the Coronation.
Palace courtiers have planned the weekend, with the King’s blessing, to include people all over the country — not just those who aim to flock to the capital.
It was revealed in recent days that King Charles is planning to make a 
 
The monarch is said to be donning his military uniform when he is crowned - rather than the old-fashioned silk stockings and breeches. 
 
THE King and Queen Consort will travel to and from Westminster Abbey in two grand parades.
The first, called the King’s Procession, will be relatively low-key. Charles and Camilla may be the only royals involved in the historic half-mile journey from Buckingham Palace.
A grander parade called the Coronation ­Procession will follow the crowning service.
The King and Queen Consort, possibly in the Gold State Coach, will be joined by troops and military bands and other royals — who will gather with them, below, on the Palace balcony.
STARS of the stage, screen and music will put on a spectacular concert at Windsor Castle’s East Lawn.
The final line-up could include Brian May, Elton John, the Spice Girls, Ed Sheeran and Rod Stewart.
Thousands nationwide will also enjoy street parties as part of The Big Lunch.
BRITS are asked to give their time and create a “volunteering legacy” to mark the King’s long devotion to public service.
 
 Supermarket makes huge change to its loyalty scheme -it could help you save cash
 Martin Lewis’ urgent warning over direct debits that could see you paying more
 I visited UK's smallest house - but it's TOO tiny ... I hated it
 Inside Hobbit-sized basement flat with tiny window facing BRICK WALL
&copy