Author: Kiro Evans
MANCHESTER UNITED goalkeeper David de Gea is willing to take a pay-cut to secure a new long-term deal at Old Trafford SunSport can exclusively reveal.
The Spaniard is currently on a staggering £375k-a-week contract but he would have to take a drop of 
 to get his wish.
Meanwhile, United are set to make a sensational swoop for Tottenham talisman Harry Kane this summer. 
Spurs are said to have slapped 
 on the England striker, who isn't likely to sign a new contract. 
And Mikel Arteta has praised football icon Sir Alex Ferguson ahead of 
If Arsenal need any doubt who the danger man for Man Utd is, they need look no further than Marcus Rashford.
The Red Devils forward has a sensational record against the Gunners.
He has been involved in eight goals in his 10 Premier League starts against Arsenal (four goals, four assists).
Rashford loves playing against today's opponents.
Man United head to the Emirates this afternoon knowing they will have to improve their recent record on this ground.
The Red Devils can only boast of one win in their last seven trips to the North London stadium, with that win coming under Jose Mourinho in a frantic game in 2017.
There’s no reason why there shouldn’t be goals today with both teams in hot form.
But no team has scored more than three goals in this fixture since United’s famous 8-2 win in 2011.
But we should expect the ball to hit the back of the net at least once given there’s only been two 0-0s in the last 20 games between these two.
Manchester United legend Gary Neville reckons the Red Devils lack the "firepower" of Prem top two Arsenal and Man City.
Ahead of this afternoon's clash at the Emirates, Sky Sports pundit Neville said:  "I think they’re short compared to other teams. They are a little bit short upfront.
"You think about Weghorst coming in, he was a stop gap. 
"The others seem to have more firepower.
"But United, from where they were at the start of the season, are in a really good position."
Gary Neville has ruled out Manchester United winning the Prem this season.
's Red Devils go into this afternoon's clash at the Emirates eight points behind leaders Arsenal.
And despite Ten Hag being the only manager to get one over on 
 in the 
this season, United legend Neville believes his former team will NOT win the title.
The ex-England defender told Sky Sports: "I don’t think they (Man Utd) are (in the mix for the title).
"I think they’re short compared to other teams. They are a little bit short upfront.
"You think about Weghorst coming in, he was a stop gap. 
"The others seem to have more firepower, but United, from where they were at the start of the season, are in a really good position."
After all the speculation that Lisandro Martinez might be moved into midfield, United boss Erik ten Hag has gone for the obvious - replacing suspended Casemiro with Scott McTominay.
That's the only change from Wednesday's 1-1 Prem draw at Crystal Palace as the Red Devils take on leaders Arsenal at the Emirates, KO 4.30pm.
New winger Leandro Trossard is on the bench for unchanged, table-topping Arsenal at home to Manchester United today.
1. Ramsdale, 4. White, 12. Saliba, 6. Gabriel, 35. Zinchenko, 8. Odegaard, 5. Partey, 34. Xhaka, 7. Saka, 14. Nketiah, 11. Martinelli.
Manchester United have made an approach for Monaco's Axel Disasi, reports say
The Frenchman, 24, was used as a right-back at the World Cup but is normally a central defender.
Andaccording to 
, the 
 have launched an initial approach to sign Disasi from Monaco.
Having lost Disasi's centre-back partner 
 for £35million earlier this month, the Ligue 1 side will not want to lose a second defender on the cheap.
Monaco will reportedly demand north of £44m for Disasi's signature.
And United will face strong competition to complete a deal.
 are also in the race, having made Disasi a "priority target".
Mikel Arteta revealed how Sir Alex Ferguson helped fire Arsenal’s title charge, 
.
The
 says he was inspired by Fergie’s “brutal honesty” when the Scottish legend was 
 manager.
 at Old Trafford in 2011 even kick-started Arteta’s own Emirates career.
The Spaniard played for 
 and 
 when 
 won five of his 13 Prem titles at United.
Arteta said: “What really captured me was his presence, his charisma and the way he talked. How honest and brutal he was opinions about players and the game.
“I had a few conversations, not formally, but with people around him and it was more listening than talking.”
Arteta joined the Gunners just three days after 
’s side were blitzed at Old Trafford on August 28, 2011 — their biggest loss to United.
He said: “The circumstances are sometimes necessary for someone to be given the opportunity. Unfortunately it had to be the 8-2 because it was a big result.
“I don’t think it was just the result that got me here, but it probably helped. After that, the rest is history.”
Arsenal are one of a number of clubs offered the chance to snatch Dusan Vlahovic.
A dramatic week off the pitch for Juventus 
 and be left languishing in mid-table, 12 points off a Champions League place.
 report that a chance to play in Europe’s top competition is important to Vlahovic, and Juve are open to letting him go.
Manchester United, Chelsea, PSG and Bayern Munich are believed to be the other clubs in the running for the Serbian’s signature.
Man United head to the Emirates this afternoon knowing they will have to improve their recent record on this ground. 
The Red Devils can only boast of one win in their last seven trips to the North London stadium, with that win coming under Jose Mourinho in a frantic game in 2017.
There's no reason why there shouldn't be goals today with both teams in hot form. 
But no team has scored more than three goals in this fixture since United's famous 8-2 win in 2011. 
But we should expect the ball to hit the back of the net at least once given there's only been two 0-0s in the last 20 games between these two.
Crystal Palace shareholders Josh Harris and David Blitzer are considering bidding for a stake in Manchester United, according to reports.
The American duo bought 18 per cent each of Crystal Palace in 2015, but have since reduced their combined stake in the Eagles to under 20 per cent.
Financial experts value the Red Devils at an eye-watering £7billion, which could put off potential buyers and make a partial sale more likely.
Should this be the case, Harris and Blitzer could look to make a bid for a stake in the club that would still see the Glazers remain majority shareholders.
Harris and Blitzer own a network of sports teams in the US. They control the Philadelphia 76ers in the NBA and New Jersey Devils in the NHL.
It's stating the obvious to say Manchester United's chance of winning at the Emirates would be a hell of a lot better with Casemiro in the side, 
. 
He's been magnificent this season, cutting out passes here, getting a toe in there, and stroking killer passes around all over the place. And now Erik ten Hag is going to have try and stop Mikel Arteta's men with his Rolls-Royce stuck in the garage. 
But I do think there's a danger of his importance being overplayed here. 
Whoever comes in for Casemiro - more than likely Fred or Scott McTominay - has got to keep a lid of Martin Odegaard and that is easier said than done.
Kick-off at the Emirates is getting closer as Man United and Arsenal prepare for arguably the biggest games of their respective seasons. 
Their match will closely follow what should be an entertaining clash between Leeds and Brentford. 
Follow all the action from 4.30pm with us 
.
Manchester United are set to bring youngster Kobbie Mainoo into the squad for the trip to Arsenal with Casemiro suspended.
Erik ten Hag has a spot to fill after the Brazilian midfielder picked up his 
 of the season in the draw to Crystal Palace, resulting in a one-match ban.
Mainoo, 17, looks set to be named on the bench with Scott McTominay and Fred coming into the starting XI, according to 
.
It will not be the first time the teenager has been involved in a Premier League matchday squad, having been an unused substitute versus Newcastle, Wolves and 
. 
Mainoo is a central midfielder and he has played just once before for 
, starting in the Carabao Cup 
 earlier this year.
David de Gea is happy Manchester United and Arsenal have both re-emerged as Premier League forces. 
The pair face off at the Emirates today in a game that could have a big say in where the title will end up in May. 
And de Gea was left reminiscing about the past when the two ruled English football 20 years ago. 
He said: "Both teams have always been massive clubs, always playing to win trophies. 
"So it's nice to play each other now when both teams are in such good shape and playing well."
The absence of Casemiro is the main headache facing Erik ten Hag ahead of today's trip to the Emirates. 
United are looking to close in on league leaders Arsenal and SunSport has predicted what team sheet the Dutchman could opt for.
Manchester United reportedly want Alejandro Garnacho to sign a mammoth EIGHT-year-deal.
The 18-year-old has given a glimpse of what he is capable of this season and set up the assist for Rashford in last week's Manchester derby. 
The Red Devils want to tie him down long-term, according to the 
, but Garnacho's represents favourite a shorter four year deal. 
The Argentine youth international has made eight Premier League appearances this season. 
Manchester United are one of a number of clubs offered the chance to snatch Dusan Vlahovic.
A dramatic week off the pitch for Juventus 
 and be left languishing in mid-table, 12 points off a Champions League place. 
 report that a chance to play in Europe's top competition is important to Vlahovic, and Juve are open to letting him go. 
Arsenal, Chelsea, PSG and Bayern Munich are believed to be the other clubs in the running for the Serbian's signature. 
For many years Arsenal and Manchester United were the Premier League's main draw. 
Whether it was Arsene Wenger v Sir Alex Ferguson or Patrick Vieira v Roy Keane, there was rivalry and animosity everywhere you looked. 
After years in the wilderness for both it now appears the pair have re-emerged from the woods at the same time and will duel over this year's Premier League title. 
Arsenal, the favourites for the league, can potentially end United's bid this afternoon. Victory would send them 11 clear of Erik ten Hag's side with a game in hand. 
But if United win they can close to within five points of Arsenal and apply serious pressure to their London foes. 
David de Gea is prepared to take a wage cut to get a new contract settled, SunSport has 
. 
have just activated their 12-month option on the goalkeeper, keeping him at the club until the end of next season.
The Spain star, 32, would love to stay way beyond that and is hoping for a minimum three-year extension if he can agree a new deal.
Now Old Trafford sources claim 
 told club bosses he is after security, rather than trying to hold them to ransom — and if that means slashing his wages, then he will do so.
United had reportedly set their sights on Yann Sommer as a potential replacement but the goalie 
. 
Worried you'll miss out on the action in what is set to be the biggest Premier League match of the weekend?
Don't panic.
SunSport will be bringing you all the build up and 
 from the very first whistle until the last.
David De Gea is willing to take a pay cut if it secures his long-term future at Old Trafford. Manchester United have just activated their 12-month option on the goalkeeper, keeping him at the club until the end of next season.
The Spain star, 32, would love to stay way beyond that and is hoping for a minimum three-year extension if he can agree a new deal. Now Old Trafford sources claim De Gea has told club bosses he is after security, rather than trying to hold them to ransom — and if that means slashing his wages, then he will do so.
He is currently the Reds’ top earner at around £375,000 a week and would have to take a drop of more than 25 per cent to get his wish. Boss Erik ten Hag has assured the keeper he has his full backing and is not chasing a new No 1, despite links with Brentford’s David Raya.
Jude Bellingham is expected to turn down a double-your-money new deal when he meets Borussia Dortmund bosses this week.
And that will officially kickstart the £100million-plus auction for the 19-year-old England midfielder, who is wanted by Liverpool, Real Madrid and both Manchester clubs.
Dortmund have a sit down planned with Bellingham over the next couple of days and want a swift answer on his plans.
It is understood the Bundesliga outfit are prepared to make him the highest-paid player at the club, on around £180,000 a week, for a further five years. Yet Dortmund are equally aware Bellingham wants to test himself at a higher level, following his eye-catching performances at the World Cup.
SunSport revealed this month that would-be buyers have been told they must pay 75 per cent of any total fee up front — with his former club Birmingham also due a cut.
They are happy not to stand in Bellingham’s way if he does insist he wants to go, as long as he gives them an answer which gives them time to line up a replacement.
Bellingham can expect to receive offers of around £300,000-a-week wages but the grounded teenager has always insisted will put his football progression before finances.
A stunning report claims Juventus striker Dusan Vlahovic has been offered to Man Utd.
90min have revealed the Red Devils are one of several clubs that have been contacted about the Serbian striker’s availability.
The former Fiorentina marksman is said to want a move from the Old Lady, after they were docked 15 points for transfer irregularities.
That has left the Serie A giants languishing in 10th spot and languishing behind in the race for Champions League qualification.
Chelsea, PSG and Arsenal have also been alerted to his current situation – with the centre forward said to want to leave the club in the near future.
Man Utd have offered Alejandro Garnacho the longest contract that they have ever tabled, according to reports. The 18-year-old has burst onto the scene this season with some exhilarating displays.
Club chiefs are keen to tie him down for as long as possible, believing he could become their biggest asset in years.
According to the Mirror, they are offering Garnacho an eight year contract.
They add, however, that the Argentine youth international is unsure whether to sign it. Garnacho’s current contract expires in 2024, and representatives only want to sign a four-year deal.
Mikel Arteta has revealed how Sir Alex Ferguson helped fire Arsenal’s title charge.
The Gunners boss says he was inspired by Fergie’s “brutal honesty” when the Scottish legend was Manchester United manager.
Arteta said: “What really captured me was his presence, his charisma and the way he talked. How honest and brutal he was about certain opinions he had about players and the game.
“I had a few conversations, not formally, but with people around him and it was more listening than talking.”
David De Gea is willing to take a pay cut if it secures his long-term future at Old Trafford.
Manchester United have just activated their 12-month option on the goalkeeper, keeping him at the club until the end of next season
The Spain star, 32, would love to stay way beyond that and is hoping for a minimum three-year extension if he can agree a new deal.
Now Old Trafford sources claim De Gea has told club bosses he is after security, rather than trying to hold them to ransom — and if that means slashing his wages, then he will do so.
He is currently the Reds’ top earner at around £375,000 a week and would have to take a drop of more than 25 per cent to get his wish.
Boss Erik ten Hag has assured the keeper he has his full backing and is not chasing a new No 1, despite links with Brentford’s David Raya.
Mikel Arteta admits Arsenal’s worst ever defeat by Manchester United played a part in bringing him to the club, 
.
Arteta joined the Gunners as a player just three days after Arsene Wenger’s side lost 8-2 at Old Trafford in August 2011.
The Arsenal boss said: “The circumstances are sometimes necessary for someone to be given the opportunity to experience something. 
“Unfortunately it had to be [the 8-2] because it was a big result on the day. I don’t think it was just the result that got me here, but it probably helped. After that the rest is history.”
Wenger’s teams continued to play pretty football after their last title in 2004, they never really had the strength - physical and mental - to fight for the championship as the Invincibles of Thierry Henry and Patrick Vieira did.
Arteta said: “Having that balance and having those qualities in the squad is necessary. 
“To have the mentality and capacity to control emotions that is required to play on big stages is very necessary. 
“And the physical aspect is necessary. Without that you cannot compete over 11 months in the conditions in which we work.
“We have tried to build a team that has everything.”
 Conte 'to quit Spurs at end of season with club not offering him new deal'
 Man Utd Treble winner looks unrecognisable with huge beard as he poses with beer
 Victoria Beckham gets wrapped up in David's coat while watching Romeo
 Defoe dumped partner called Donna and their dog to date wife Donna
&copy