Author: Jorge Solis
KYLIE Jenner has revealed the correct pronunciation of her son Aire's name.
On January 21st, Kylie, 25, 
 the new moniker of her 11-month-old son. 
A Kardashian fan account asked followers if they pronounced the child's name as "Air or Airey."
The Kardashians star jumped to the comments section and replied: "Air," with a red heart emoji. 
On Saturday, fans were confused about 
 the name of Stormi's baby brother.
A few assumed the name rhymed with Ire, pronounced I-ree, which is a Nigerian name meaning “goodness.”
Others suggested the name derived from Ari, which has a Hebrew origin that means “lion.”
After keeping Aire's face hidden from the camera, Kylie uploaded a series of photos and gave fans their first real look at her infant. 
The Hulu star showed off the little one's curly hair and adorable face as he wore a shark-print onesie.
The mother/son duo posed together for a mirror selfie in the bathroom.
As the series continued, Aire was pictured wearing a beanie hat and sitting in his high chair.
In the last image, Kylie cuddled with her baby boy on the floor.
Kylie's famous family rushed to the comments section to share their support and confirm the name announcement.
Matriarch Kris Jenner, 67, wrote: "I love you, Aire Webster."
Kylie's sister Kendall, 27, gushed: "My boy," 
Older sibling Khloe Kardashian, 38, added: "The king!!! Young king!"
Kylie and her ex Travis Scott welcomed their second child back in
 2022.
At first, the former couple 
, but the pair decided to change his name weeks after his birth. 
Since then, the Keeping Up With the Kardashians alum kept fans guessing what the boy's new moniker would be. 
The exes
 their four-year-old daughter, Stormi.
The former E! star reportedly called it quits one more time with her baby daddy. 
An insider close to the on-and-off again couple told
that the two have reportedly put an end to their relationship.
The insider claimed: “Kylie and Travis are off again. 
"They were supposed to spend the holidays together, but she went to Aspen to be with her family and friends up there.”
The source added: "This has happened so many times before. 
"They are known to be on-again and off-again but always remain friends and great co-parents.”
In a recent interview with 
, an insider close to the TV personality claimed the two are in 
The source claimed Travis wants to "party" while Kylie desires to focus on "her businesses" and her kids.
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy