Author: []
The 53-year-old 
 has now grown used to men half her age trying to spark up conversations with her. 
Whether they're at the gym or following her on Instagram - where she has 200,000 followers - blokes just can't resist trying their luck with saucy messages.
But Andrea, who has an 
 page, says there is one person who's not quite so fond of the attention she gets - her nine-year-old grandson.
She says: “Because I’m a mature lady in my 50s and dealing with these messages from people in their 20s and 30s, I just laugh, it’s very laughable.
"At my age, it is a time in your life when if nobody pays any attention to you, you start feeling like nobody sees you. But when you start getting so much attention from beautiful people, you start feeling like you’re glowing again.” 
The attention doesn’t only end on social media, however. 
Andrea, who is originally from 
 but lives in 
, says she can’t even work out at the gym without being hounded by men clearly impressed with her incredible physique. 
“They normally come with the excuse of needing some help. They try asking me, ‘Oh you work out so much can you help me with this or that’. 
“Then at the end of the day, they try to get close and get some other information from me like, 'Where do you live and do you have plans for tonight?'” 
One person who isn’t too excited about Andrea’s raunchy behaviour is her nine-year-old grandson. 
She explains: “He’s a little bit shy - he likes talking about his hot grandmother with his friends but sometimes I see that he’s not very comfortable as he’s a boy. 
“But all my family are very proud about having this fitness mother and grandmother.” 
Andrea says her three grown children - two in their 30s and one in his mid-20s - are supportive of her career, which started after she went through a heartbreaking divorce in 2006. 
"That was a very painful time for me because this divorce was very unexpected because I thought we were very happy,” she recalls. 
“So it had me feeling very miserable. I was so deep in despair and decided to go harder at the gym. Soon after, I began enjoying it more. Then I started gaining more self-confidence, which made me feel better.” 
Now, she believes she’s ready to find someone to share her life with and says she’s never fallen in love after her divorce. 
When it comes to her perfect bloke, her only requirement is for them to “behave like a man”. She doesn’t necessarily care about where they come from, their age or how they look. 
“I would not lie and say that a man with a good body doesn’t attract me,” she says. 
“But at the end of the day, it’s surface. And personally, as a mature woman, I’m more into what’s on the inside."
Whoever Andrea ends up with is going to also have to accept her big appetite - she says she’s able to consume up to a whopping 5,000 calories a day due to her training. 
“I eat like a man. You’d be surprised if you sit around with me at a restaurant and I keep eating one or two hours more after you’ve finished - I really enjoy food and I eat a lot.” 
Although some fans have questioned whether her body is surgically enhanced, Andrea - who spends four hours a day at the gym - says she's only had two procedures. 
"It’s just surgery like breast silicone and some liposuction I had a very long time ago when I was not really fit and involved with fitness. 
"Now, I believe if you’re committed to fitness and a good diet, you don’t need those surgeries. Only if of course, you’ve lost so much weight and have a problem with excess fat. But I work out like hell - everything is real besides the breasts."
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 I’m a gypsy girl & never go to the toilet in our caravans, it has a different use
 Multi-millionaire on Rich House Poor House pays broke man £50k a year
&copy