Author: Lucy Murgatroyd
LOVE Island is one of the most talked about shows at the moment - and there are some very surprising superfans.
The likes of This Morning's
, actress 
 and rapper 
all enjoy watching the ITV2 dating show. 
The winter series of 
returned to our screens for the second time earlier this week.
The sexy singletons have been busy getting to know each other in the incredible villa.
Thousands of people have tuned in to watch the show, including some very famous faces.
Let's take a look...
, 32, has made her love for the programme very known.
The actress was left star struck when she met Love Island 2019 stars 
, 27, 
, 24, and
 
Margot happily posed for pictures with the reality stars at the London premiere of Birds of Prey. 
She even FaceTimed 
, 26, with 
during the Aftersun reunion last year. 
Margot has a lot of love for the show and even hosted a 
 last year. 
The 
presenter, 55, loves the dating show. 
Yesterday his obsession with
came to light.
Speaking about the programme making a return, his co-host 
, 52, teased him about his obsession.
Susanna said: "I forgot, of course, how obsessed. It's not just that you watch, you actually are obsessed with Love Island."
Ed has even been kitted out with all the accessories fro, the show. 
She added: "You have got a Love Island suitcase, haven't you? Which you haven't just got in a cupboard somewhere, you use on a regular basis."
He replied: "It's been to the south coast, it's been to Southern Spain, and also been to Yorkshire in the past three weeks."
The journalist has also posted pictures of him in a Love Island robe while watching the show. 
Here's your rundown of the 2023 Love Island contestants
The singer, 29 - who is the ex of new host 
, 28 - is a huge fan of the show. 
He loves the programme so much that he actually made a guest appearance back in 2017.
During the third series, 
, 31, and
s' relationship very clear.
He tweeted: "Chris you're too good for her mate" - and the post was read out during a challenge for everyone to hear about. 
Weeks later Stormzy FaceTimed the villa to talk to Chris, 30, and 
, 26, about the talent show. 
The American comedian, 41, is another huge fan.
Back in 2019 she spoke out about her favourite person on the show.
Amy said: "I'm loving this season of Love Island.
"I want to give a shout out to Maura. She's just like my homie, I feel very connected to her."
The Hollywood star was talking about Irish beauty Maura Higgins. 
Everything you need to know about Love Island
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy