Author: Daniel Nuttman
ANDREW Tate is one of the most notorious influencers on social media platforms, due to his controversial views and actions, which has caused him legal problems.
was arrested in Romania in December 2022, and was held for initial period of 30 days. But what do we know about his current situation?
Tate is still in prison. This was initially for 30 days, but has been extended to February 27, 2023 by a Romanian court after he saw his appeal against his detention rejected.
Tate was seen holding a copy of the Quran whilst entering and leaving the hearing, following his conversion to Islam.
The brothers have been held in a 
 since there arrest, with reports suggesting that inmates have to spend 23 hours a day in their cells.
Tate and his brother Tristan were arrested as part of a 
, rape, and organised crime.
They are 
 and persuading them to travel to their £600k villa on the outskirts of the country's capital Bucharest.
The brothers would allegedly falsely claim to be in love with the young women, before making them 
.
 in the compound and were kept under 24/7 house arrest, according to Romanian investigators.
Tate was arrested along with his brother Tristan and two associates on December 29, 2022.
Tate's Romanian home was raided by the Directorate for Investigating Organized Crime and Terrorism (DICCOT) in Bucharest.
Despite this, he has remained active on social media since being incarcertated.
He has consistently denied any wrongdoing, saying that it is the
 that has caused his time inside.
Tristan Tate remains in prison, much like his brother, after their appeals against their 30-day detentions were rejected by a Romanian court.
He appeared leaving the court after his hearing, handcuffed to his brother and under heavy police supervision.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy