Author: Amanda Devlin
STRICTLY champion Hamza 
has told of his excitement about spending "extra time" with his dance partner Jowita - after her romance with Giovanni 
was revealed.
The Sun on Sunday exclusively revealed last month how the 
But he was devastated to learn she had grown close to fellow pro 
, also 32, after they danced together on the 
 ballroom show.
 agreed he's grateful to have the chance to extend his Strictly journey with 
.
And the feeling is mutual. as Jowita gushed about their partnership.
"I had three days off after Strictly, but then I was ready to go back to business. 
"It's such a great opportunity to continue the Strictly journey because we've spent 13 weeks together. 
"It's nice to celebrate the partnership and our journey. It's also a great way to say thank you to the fans who kept us in the competition.
"We absolutely loved our time on Strictly."
Last month a TV insider said he was heartbroken when 
 she was secretly seeing fellow Strictly star 
.
After their win, Hamza was said to be keen to take their relationship a step further but she wanted to remain platonic.
The source said: “Hamza and Jowita became very close and at times were quite touchy-feely.
"People would often see them sneak off together.
“Obviously their closeness really helped when it came to them winning the trophy.
“But while Jowita thinks the world of him, she held back from anything romantic and kept him slightly at arm’s length.
“When it was clear she was involved with Giovanni, the reason for that became clear.
"But while Hamza wants her to be happy, he was quietly devastated.” 
Jowita made history by becoming the first professional dancer to win the show in her first year paired with a celebrity.  
The win came after she developed a “very close” bond with CBBC favourite Hamza — which sources say led him to hope for a relationship.
After their glitterball win, he paid an emotional tribute to the brunette, calling her an “angel disguised as a human being, a ray of sunshine”.
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy