Author: Laura Armstrong
The cast of big names and professional hoofers lived it up until 2.30am — boozing and dancing at their hotel after rushing back following a successful first night.
Telly host 
, 39, and singer 
, 35, were among those having fun.
They were joined by ex-Paralympic swimmer 
, 28, and dancers including 
, 40, 
, 33, and
, 33, for the do at hotel Malmaison Birmingham. 
Earlier, the cast had thrilled the audience at the city’s Utilita Arena before piling into buses in party mood to return for the bash.
An insider said: “I can’t believe how raucous it all became.
“The performance went down incredibly well and so everyone was in high spirits and keen to celebrate their success.
“The party started on the coaches back to the hotel, and then continued at the hotel.
“When I came in, I couldn’t believe how many trays of Jäger-bombs (a cocktail of herbal liqueur Jägermeister and energy drink Red Bull) there were.
“Tray after tray after tray. People were really getting stuck in.
"Neil Jones was leading the partying. Loads of the cast were drinking before they jumped on to the dancefloor. 
"Dianne Buswell was really enjoying the dancing — even after performing fast-paced routines as part of the live show.
“I couldn’t believe how raucous the whole night was. Everyone was enjoying themselves.”
The opening night ended with Helen and 
, 27, lifting the 
.
As the participants boarded the buses, dancer 
, 28, filmed herself with Fleur, Ellie, and fellow professionals 
, 31, and 
, 33, who appeared to have a bottle of wine in the Instagram video.
The excited group were heard chanting: “The first one is done, the first one is done.” 
Professional 
, 27, also posted a snap of herself after she had changed into leather trousers and a strappy top for the bash.
The show’s glam team got in on the act with an image of themselves clinking espresso martinis.
The source went on: “There was a real party atmosphere on the night and everyone was enjoying themselves. 
"There were probably a few sore heads in the morning.”
Earlier this week, Strictly winner 
, 32, who was spotted arriving back at the hotel last night, admitted that the live show cast liked to let loose after rehearsals. 
He said: “We’re all one big happy family and we all support each other and we all party together as well.”
 Live will travel around the UK before finishing in Glasgow on February 12.
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 ITV 'axes' quiz show after first series
&copy