Author: Alex Doyle
ANT MCPARTLIN has left fans shocked after he made a 'disgusting' admission during Ant and Dec's Limitless Win.
The 
, 47, was presenting the latest instalment of the 
quiz show alongside 
, 47.
It sees contestants answer questions in a bid to win as much money as they can.
With no limit to the amount of money they can have in the pot, the hopefuls must try and climb the Money Ladder.
During Saturday's episode viewers saw as last week's contestants Conall and Michael returned to the studio to continue their game.
But during a question Ant made a confession about his laundry habits which shocked viewers.
Conall and Michael were asked: "According to Levi's, to maintain the fit, you shouldn't wash your jeans until you've worn them how how many times?"
However, Ant revealed he doesn't wash his jeans at all as he attempted to help the contestants by answering the question with Dec.
"I think it's loads, I think you should wear them, wear them, wear them," pondered Dec.
Ant then turned to his co-host and declared: "I never wash my jeans, never."
Dec simply replied: "Neither do I."
His admission disgusted viewers at home as one tweeted: "Ant and Dec hun I don't want to smell your jeans you mingers."
Another said: "Gross never washing jeans. Must stink."
"Ant never washes his jeans - he has a little man to do it for him," joked a third viewer.
While a fourth posted: "Ant doesn't wash his jeans??? I literally wash mine after every 4 wears."
Meanwhile, 
 during a previous episode of the Limitless Win.
One couple were faced with a ridiculously hard Kylie Minogue question.
Loved-up couple Matt and Hannah were struggling to bank the cash during the early stages of their appearance.
And when they received an almost impossible to answer question about pop princess Kylie, fans were ready for them to give up.
Do you have a story for The Sun Showbiz team?
Email 
 or call us direct on 
 .
We pay for videos too. Click 
 to upload yours.
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 ITV 'axes' quiz show after first series
&copy