Author: Martha Cliff
TWIDDLING your thumbs this weekend? We’ve got just the thing to keep you and your brain busy!
A painter, famed for his optical illusionary work, has shared his latest pieces and they are some of his most baffling.
’s paintings hide one particular in everyone, and his latest series are particularly tricky to untangle.
The geometric shapes, lines and grids in the paintings make it extremely tricky to pull out any identifying features but those with a higher IQ should be able to untangle the image.
A study by Current Biology found that those with an above average IQ are naturally able to disregard the less relevant details of the image and hone in on the specific shapes.
So can you work out what’s hidden?
If you were able to figure out that a woman hides behind each image then you are likely to have a higher IQ.
Q, which is short for Intelligence Quotient, is a way of measuring a person's intelligence and mental comprehension.
An IQ test can work out exactly what a person's intelligence is, by using a series of mental exercises to measure their mental agility.
Most test usually has two parts - verbal and performance - and cannot be faked as you either have the ability to answer the questions or you don't.
However, some argue that IQ tests are not an accurate way of measuring a person's ability and that the test is "fundamentally flawed."
Lee Wagstaff’s signature style involves hiding a woman behind each of his paintings.
Lee, who studies at Central St Martins, says of his work: “A recurring theme in my work is pattern, I am drawn to patterns that predict and perhaps defy cosmic order.
“When I make art I think about whether it is still possible to make images and objects that embody ideas of faith, beauty and truth.”
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 Sleep expert reveals how to stay warm at night without putting the heating on
 I worked at Tesco and there’s a reason we always try to talk to you at the tills
&copy