Author: Jessica Lester
JESY Nelson has revealed her new tattoo tribute to Little Mix fans - with a very special and personal meaning. 
The singer, who left the girl band in 2020 to focus on a solo music career, took to Instagram to reveal the new inking. 
, walked away from Little Mix over two years ago after struggling to cope with the pressure of being in the band. 
The star posted a video of her getting the tattoo to her Instagram fans, as she lay face down on the bed. 
Jesy, who looked stunning in chequered trousers and an oversized jumper jacket, smiled as she was given a hand-poke tattoo.
The Boyz singer posed in a tiny crop top as she was inked with the words: "I am good enough!"
The former Little Mix star penned to her fans: "I wanted to get this tattoo to show my fans how much they mean to me. 
"They have supported me through everything and stood by me, I honestly wouldn’t be where I am today without them!"
"I love you all so much. Thank you for creating this beautiful tattoo for me," she concluded. 
Her fans flooded the comments section with love, telling Jesy they "loved her" and would "always support her". 
It comes after she sent her fans into a frenzy as she posed in a white bra top, 
. 
The former Little Mix recording artist took to social media to give her fans a glimpse of her love life, as she laughed with her new love in full view.
She showed off her new boyfriends skills in the kitchen as she relaxed in a casual ensemble, whilst he attempted to spread melted chocolate onto warm croissants.
The artist and her partner were making homemade pan au chocolate as the blossoming duo dug into the naughty treat.
Jesy flaunted her curves as she donned a plain white crop top, that only covered the bosom area, whilst choosing low cut khaki joggers.
The former 
 and 
, 
, a week after The Sun first told of their close bond.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy