Author: Jane Matthews
A MUM has revealed she was raped by Mark Gordon who told her "don't scream or I'll kill your kids". 
The woman, 64, was held captive by 
 during the horror four-hour attack in 1989 - when he was just 14 years old. 
The now-48-year-old, his partner 
 and her newborn baby disappeared more than two weeks ago, with police and 
 for them to come out of hiding. 
Part of the nationwide hunt has seen Gordon's past come to light - including that he's a 
 
His victim has now revealed her hellish ordeal. 
The woman, who has not been named, told of how Gordon came into her home 
. 
The 
-born man was living in 
 at the time, and broke into his 
 neighbour's house through her bathroom window. 
He then walked into the woman's bedroom wielding hedge clippers and a kitchen knife and ordered her to undress. 
With a pair of tights covering his face, Gordon sexually assaulted and raped the woman while her two children were asleep next door. 
The mum-of-two told 
: "I stepped out of my room and he told me not to scream or he’d kill my kids.
"It was over four hours.
"He’d been watching me for months from different places and he had it really well-planned."
The woman said she's had post-traumatic stress disorder her entire life. 
She continued: "After this happened it was like my life stopped. I lost everything.
"I lost my home because I wasn’t able to do anything or sell it. I was emotionally just not even there.
"I couldn’t function. I couldn’t think."
After six weeks on the run, six charges were brought against Gordon. 
They included armed kidnapping, armed sexual battery and burglary with a deadly weapon.
Gordon pleaded guilty to 
, was convicted and thrown behind bars for 20 years.
But during the period before his 
, Gordon also battered a man on the head with a shovel in his own home.
He later confessed to the violent raid. 
Gordon, Constance and her newborn baby have been missing since January 5, when they abandoned their burning car on the M61 near 
, Greater Manchester.
Sources today revealed Constance, 35, likely 
 as fire crews spotted a placenta in the backseat of the charred wreck. 
The discovery of the placenta showed the lengths the couple were willing to go to to keep their whereabouts a secret, as it is understood they didn't seek any medical attention.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy