Author: Wally Downes Jr
CHRIS EUBANK JR takes Pride in being one of British boxing’s most hated men - but insists none of his antics are an act.
The 33-year-old Brighton man was dragged into a war of words with Liam Smith ahead of 
, accusing Liverpool’s 34-year-old former world champion of being unfaithful to his wife.
Smith had taken shots at 
 for allegedly having his hairline boosted by a tattoo and 
 and friendship with Brazilian footballer 
.
The ugly insults and suggestions are being investigated by the British 
 Board of Control, who could hit both fighters with fines for bringing the sport into disrepute.
But Eubank Jr kept up the goading by wearing a Manchester United shirt to Friday’s weigh-in - earning loud boos from the Smith’s Liverpool fans - and a rainbow armband in support of the 
 community.
Like his British ring legend father, 
, Eubank likes to leap over the ropes, pose for the cameras and antagonise opponents.
But he insists he is being true to himself and fans are free to love or loathe him.
“There are people out there who genuinely hate me,” he told SunSport. “And I don’t know why.
“But it’s not an act, people would be able to see through an act like that.
“Over the years, some of the people who have ruled against me have switched over and supported me.
“I have noticed a change over the last few years and yes, that does make me feel good.
“Would I prefer to be the good guy in these fights? Would I prefer not to get booed into arenas? Sure. Yes.
“Any normal human being would prefer people to be nice. But boxing isn’t nice, the world isn’t nice.
“You have to deal with a lot of stuff and I understand that and accepted it a long time ago.
“I accepted a long time ago that I will never be the good guy for some people.
“I am interested to see my reception in Manchester. I was going to get booed into the fight with 
. 
"I wonder if I will get booed into the fight with Liam Smith.
“I have not changed, I am the same guy. We will find out on the night.”
Eubank Jr was scheduled to fight Benn, the son of Nigel and his father’s most iconic rival, in an October catchweight clash.
But the 26-year-old had 
 - which he is still disputing with VADA and the WBC - and the build-up and the BBBofC cancelled the showdown at the 11th hour.
Win or lose against Smith, that grudge war is now even more intriguing - such is the grubby nature of boxing - but poker-loving Eubank Jr insists he now holds all the aces and he will not be folding to any demands.
He added: “When I was cutting all that weight, it felt like I was going to die. It is a horrible and disgusting feeling.
“I was frustrated the fight didn’t happen but now I recognise that there are a lot of positives that come out of the fight not happening.
“The profile of the fight is now twice as big and there is twice as much money to be made. 
"It was a sold-out O2 show and now it will be in a stadium.
“Everyone loves a scandal - so the fight is bigger.
“And he has lost all of his privileges, the ball is in my court, he failed two tests so he cannot be coming back with any demands. Everything is on my terms now.
“If I had beaten him in October his fans would have stayed his fans. 
"Now I have taken a lot of his fans away, without even beating him.
“I was going to get booed into that arena but if I fight him tomorrow, it will be the opposite. So I am a glass-half-full type of guy.”
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy