Author: Graeme Bryce
IT wasn't quite Fergie time as it arrived two minutes before the start of stoppage time.
However Brighton weren't complaining as super sub Evan Ferguson snatched a precious late point to salvage the Seagulls' day.
Just as Leicester thought they were going to end their four-match winless streak, they buckled under a late Brighton rally.
The result leaves Brendan Rodgers' Foxes one point above the drop zone but in truth Brighton could easily have won if they had taken a fraction of the chances they created.
They ended the game in sixth place with their Euro hopes still intact.
Roberto De Zerbi's Brighton arrived with a glowing reputation following last week's 3-0 destruction of Liverpool at the Amex Stadium.
They certainly dressed appropriately as they were kitted out in their glowing highlighter-orange-coloured away kit.
Talk about getting noticed...
It's rumoured that the Seagulls' change kit now rivals the Great Wall of China as the only man-made object visible from the moon.
However there is no doubt the future is bright for De Zerbi's brilliant, battling Brighton.
 (Ts&Cs apply)
You have to feel for 
 who thought they had managed to grind out a win from a losing position for the first time this season until Ferguson's late leveller.
Leicester started the day two points above the drop zone against a visiting team brimming with confidence.
At times it looked as if the Foxes were the away team as they pressed and harried 
, seemingly content to hit their high-flying opponents on the break.
It almost paid off for them after 14 minutes when they enticed Brighton forward then sprang as Harvey Barnes led a two-on-one counter attack.
However, the winger dithered and passed the buck to Jamie Vardy with a ball behind his striker which allowed Pervis Estupinan to hare back and intercept.
Most of the traffic was in the other direction and Brighton could and should have taken the lead ten minutes later.
Kaoru Mitoma's deep corner was frantically finger-tipped by Danny Ward and somehow crashed off Jan Paul van Hecke's head and flew over the bar from two yards.
The Dutch defender stared at the empty net in front of him and even he couldn't believe how the ball wasn't nestling there.
At the other end, Luke Thomas got his head to a Youri Tielemans corner but his effort lacked power and was easily gathered by Sanchez.
The goal Brighton had been threatening arrived just before the half hour but boy, it was worth the wait. 
Alexis Mac Allister played a one-two in the middle of the park and fed Estupinan who switched play to Mitoma on the left.
The Japanese international exposed Timothy Castagne, cutting inside the Belgian before 
 of Ward's net from 20 yards.  
Sensational.
Brighton were dealt a blow when Adam Lallana had to be replaced by Joel Veltman - apparently after being injured celebrating.
Leicester responded and levelled 11 minutes later.
Marc Albrighton started and finished the move which began on the right and swiftly moved to Barnes on the left.
His initial shot seemed to be blocked by Veltman's hand before Tielemans' shot from the rebound cannoned off Lewis Dunk.
However, Albrighton had the final say as he slammed the ball low beyond Sanchez, Estupinan and Dunk to find the net.
There was a nervous moment as 
 looked at Barnes' boot in the build-up but the goal stood.
Mac Allister went down clutching his face on half-time but VAR agreed that Kiernan Dewsbury-Hall's contact with a flailing arm was accidental. 
There was more controversy after the break when Danny Welbeck appeared to be clipped by Thomas inside the box for a clear penalty.
But ref Thomas Bramall refused to award the kick or check his monitor for a replay to the disgust of De Zerbi who was booked along with his goalkeeping coach for their protests.
Solly March then lost his footing to blast over an open goal from nine yards and Leicester cashed in to take the lead just beyond the hour.
Tielemans' corner was flicked on by Thomas and Barnes blasted the deflected ball beyond Sanchez from close range.
There was more good news for the Foxes when 
 for the first time since November 12.
However, it didn't last long as Brighton finally made their late pressure pay with an equaliser two minutes from the end.
Estupinan crossed and sub Evan Ferguson ghosted past Papys Mendy to head past Ward from 12 yards.
 Conte 'to quit Spurs at end of season with club not offering him new deal'
 Man Utd Treble winner looks unrecognisable with huge beard as he poses with beer
 Victoria Beckham gets wrapped up in David's coat while watching Romeo
 Defoe dumped partner called Donna and their dog to date wife Donna
&copy