Author: Charlotte Manning
Dermatologist Dr Mamina Turegano has a huge 
 audience of over 922.6K followers on her page 
.
She floods her page with tips and tricks for viewers, but gave more insight into a long-term routine by including her mum Michiko.
Mamina showed off her mum’s incredible skincare routine which has kept her glowing even at the age of 72. 
Michiko begins by cleansing in a very basic way, which they can easily implement: “In the morning, I was with water, just cold water.”
Viewers are then taken through the rest of the incredible steps she goes through each morning. 
Step two sees her use an antioxidant serum from Skin Better Science, before moving onto an eye cream - which has plant stem cell extracts at its core. 
This helps to smooth the look of lines and restore a bright, well-rested appearance to tired eyes.
Next up, she uses a day cream and moisturises with peptides, before adding the most important product, an SPF. 
Her sunscreen has an SPF rating of 30, which should help keep your skin protected from the sun every single day. 
Mamina then revealed her mum uses a two-piece sunscreen if she will be going out more in the day. 
Another thing you can easily add to your routine is treating her skin with ice.
She continued: “To maintain her snatched look, she uses an ice roller throughout the day.”
Viewers were then given a glimpse into the 72-year-old’s nighttime routine, which is similarly impressive. 
She uses a Nutrogena ultra gentle hydrating cleanser, before moving onto her second cleansing treatment. 
The next product, which Mamina labelled as “gold” is a bottle of growth factors, which uses advanced technology to rejuvenate, heal, and protect the skin.
Finally, we see her use more retinol on her skin, before massaging on some Rose-hip oil onto her face.
Those in the comments couldn’t believe how incredible her skin still is, with one saying: “She has better skin than me and I’m 17.”
Another wrote: “Omg your mom is so sweet! And of course has amazing skin.”
Someone else said: "She doesn't look a day over 50 at least! She is my new hero!"
A shocked viewer added: “Mashallah your mom looks no where near 72! She looks amazing! God bless.”
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 I’m a gypsy girl & never go to the toilet in our caravans, it has a different use
 Multi-millionaire on Rich House Poor House pays broke man £50k a year
 Dog expert reveals the breeds he'd never own or allow near his kids
&copy