Author: Jane Matthews
A PAL of missing aristocrat Constance Marten says she was brainwashed by a Nigerian cult before she vanished with her partner and baby.
The childhood friend has concerns the 35-year-old's rapist boyfriend 
 has a "hold over her". 
It has been more than two weeks since 
 and Gordon,  48, ditched their burning car on a 
 motorway and a 
 to find them - and their newborn baby - began. 
In recent days it was revealed that Gordon spent 
 for his 
 on a neighbour - where he raped her and said he'd 
. 
A pal of Constance's has now told of how her friend had been left "traumatised" by a charismatic 
 evangelical church leader. 
Constance was said to have spent around six months living abroad while she was at university, working for the controversial 
. 
The friend, who has not been named, told 
: "She ended up becoming one of his disciples in Nigeria.
"I believe she got brainwashed while she was over there. The experience traumatised her.
"She was not the same person when she came back."
Constance - whose friends lovingly called her Toots - is believed to have joined Joshua after attending an evangelical-style course, exploring Christian beliefs in 
.
The friend said she was now worried about what influence Gordon was having on Constance. 
She added: "I know, he could be the love of her life and he might not be as bad as everyone is making out, but he could also be having this hold over her."
The friend said Constance became estranged from her family after they discovered his criminal past and tried in vain to warn her away. 
It was revealed yesterday that Constance had likely 
 a day or two before it went up in flames on the motorway. 
 initially raised concerns about her, and her baby's health, as they did not believe they had received any medical attention. 
The friend added: "Growing up, she was strong-minded and clever. I just hope that she gets the help she needs."
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy