Author: Craig Mahood
It's a blockbuster fixture and we're bring our loyal readers our 
offers and free bets to use on the game!
It rarely needs a big build-up and this season it's bigger than ever.
That's because Arsenal are maintaining their phenomenal form that sees them top the Premier League table.
A 2-0 derby win at Spurs last time out saw them increase that lead at the top to 
points over Manchester City, who lost at Old Trafford.
Manchester United knew they could leapfrog their rivals and close the gap down to five points on the Gunners on Wednesday night.
But a 91st minute Crystal Palace equaliser dented that huge opportunity for Erik ten Hag's men, leaving them in third spot.
Man City play twice before the Gunners play again, so their lead at the top could be significantly cut.
But even if six points is picked up, Arsenal retain a lead at the top going into Sunday, in what could prove to be a pivotal week in the title race.
Spurs vs Arsenal
New customers who stake £20 on football will receive their money back as CASH if they lose!
New William Hill punters who stake £10 after signing up via mobile will be rewarded with £40 in free bets and bonuses!
Place a £10 stake on football and Sky Bet will gift new customers £30 in free bets!
Ladbrokes will give new customers £20 in free bets when they stake a fiver on football!
Coral are giving new customers £20 in free bets when they place a £5 bet on football!
New Betfair customers who stake £10 on football will be rewarded with £30 in free bets and bonuses to spend on anything!
Odds from Paddy Power, correct as of January 19.
Arsenal 17/20
Draw 11/4
Man Utd 14/5
 Bukayo Saka and Marcus Rashford both to score - 
 NOW 12/1 -  
: Bukayo Saka to assist a goal - 
 NOW 5/2 - 
 Gabriel Martinelli & Marcus Rashford to combine for 4 or more shots on target - 
 NOW 11/2 - 
Premier League football
Tottenham 0 Arsenal 2 - Premier League - January 15
Oxford United 0 Arsenal 3 - FA Cup - January 9
Arsenal 0 Newcastle 0 - Premier League - January 3
Brighton 2 Arsenal 4 - Premier League - December 31
Arsenal 3 West Ham 1 - Premier League - December 26
Crystal Palace 1 Man Utd 1 - Premier League - January 18
Man Utd 2 Man City 1 - Premier League - January 14
Man Utd 3 Charlton 0 - Carabao Cup - January 10
Man Utd 3 Everton 1 - FA Cup - January 6
Man Utd 3 Bournemouth 0 - Premier League - January 3
The home side has won the last three meetings between these sides.
The last two games have saw the hosting side win 3-1, too.
It's a level fixture in recent seasons, with Arsenal winning two, United two and a draw between them in the last five meetings.
The Gunners are unbeaten in the last four encounters here, though, (W3, D1).
There appears to be no fresh injury concerns for Mikel Arteta ahead of this one.
Gabriel Jesus is out but Cedric Soares, Mohamed Elneny and Reiss Nelson could recover in time.
 It's been a really settled side in recent weeks for Arteta, who will likely line up with the same line-up as last week.
United will miss influential midfielder Casemiro, who picked up a suspension in midweek for his fifth yellow card.
Ten Hag made the point after the game that United have beaten Arsenal already this season without the Brazilian.
He'll be a huge miss though, with Fred poised to come back in.
Wout Weghorst played 68 minutes in midweek and could lead the line again.
 - 
This could be a hugely open game, with both sides possessing excellent quality in the final third.
With both likely to have front fours, chances could come easy for both.
This particular pick is a boost at Sky Bet, too - giving you more for your stake!
They sit fifth and sixth for shots on target in the Premier League this season, on 102 and 101, respectively.
It's hard to look past the Gunners at present and we think they could take a giant step towards the title.
Their form is unquestionable at the minute and United's midweek efforts could well have taken their toll.
The past two games have been 3-1 wins for the home side between these two and this could quite easily be the same.
Both teams have goals in them but maybe Arsenal just a bit more.
We'll get more of an idea on team news when the managers speak closer to kick-off.
But speaking on Casemiro's suspension, Ten Hag said: "Last time we beat Arsenal without Casemiro.
"Casemiro is obviously a really important player for us and he is one of the reasons that we are in the position that we are now.
"We have a squad and we have to fill that gap and make a proper plan and the squad has to fill it. As a team, we already showed how to beat Arsenal."
*Betfair: Get £30 in FREE BETS when you stake £10. Place a min £10 bet on the Sportsbook on odds of min 1/2 (1.5), get £30 in Free Bets. Rewards valid for 30 days. SMS verification required. Only deposits via cards will qualify. T&Cs apply. Please Gamble Responsibly 18+ begambleaware.org
*Paddy Power: Bet £20 and get it back as CASH if it loses. New customers only. Place your FIRST bet on any sportsbook market and if it loses we will refund your stake in CASH. Max refund for this offer is £20. Only deposits made using Cards or Apple Pay will qualify for this promotion. T&Cs apply. Paddy's Rewards Club: Get a £10 free bet when you place 5x bets of £10+. T&Cs apply. 18+ Begambleaware.org
*Sky Bet: Stake £10 on football and get £30 in free bets to spend on anything. New customers only, first single & e/w bet only, 5p minimum stake, 3 x £10 bet tokens. Free bet stakes not included in returns. Free bets exclude virtuals. Free bets are non withdrawable. No free bet expiry. Eligibility restrictions and further T&Cs apply. 18+ begambleaware.Org
*Ladbrokes: Bet £5 and get £20 welcome bonus. 18+ New UK+IRE Customers only. Certain deposit methods & bet types excl. Min first £/€5 bet within 14 days of account reg at min odds 1/2 to get 4x £/€5 free bets. Free bets available to use on selected sportsbook markets only. Free bets valid for 7 days, stake not returned. Restrictions + T&Cs apply. Begambleaware.org
*Coral: Stake £5 and get £20 bonus. Eligible UK+IRE players. Paypal & some deposit & bet types excl. Min first £5 bet within 14 days of account reg at min odds 1/2 = 4x £5 free bets. Free bets valid for 7 days, stake not returned. No cash-out, restrictions & T&Cs apply. 18+ T&Cs Apply. Begambleaware.org
*William Hill: Claim £40 in free bets when you place a tenner on football. 18+. Play Safe. When you sign-up via Mobile using promo code P40 and place a bet of £10/€10 or more we will give you 4x £10/€10 free bets credited after settlement of first qualifying bet, free bets will expire 30 days after the qualifying bet is placed, payment method/player/country restrictions apply. begambleaware.org
For help with a gambling problem, call the National Gambling Helpline on 0808 8020 133 or go to www.gamstop.co.uk to be excluded from all UK-regulated gambling websites.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Eubank Jr left with horrifically swollen eye after Smith demolition
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Ex-Premier League star throws his 'cheating c*** ex's' stuff across garden
&copy