Author: Shanine Bruder
WITH temperatures plummeting, many motorists are waking up to find their car covered in ice or snow.
As the 
weather sets in, 
may find they can't access their 
due to the car door being frozen shut - but don't worry there are a number of safe ways to fix the problem.
As temperatures drop, the risk of your car locks freezing over increases - and when it happens, it can create a lot of problems.
The good news is  there are several ways to open frozen car door locks.
Here's a look at some useful tips and tricks experts have provided when it comes to accessing a frozen door.
Finding your vehicle covered in 
or ice can be an annoyance - especially if you're in a rush.
Therefore it's important to know how to correctly and safely de-ice your car.
According to the 
, drivers should allow around ten minutes to clear your 
thoroughly using a scraper and de-icer if necessary. 
Before attempting to clear any snow, first make sure your 
aren't on.
If wipers are frozen to the glass, the wiper motor could be damaged or the rubber could tear off if they start wiping.
The RAC suggest squirting de-icer ''on the outside of the screen if it’s frozen over in the morning, using a proper scraper to wipe away any excess water or ice crystals.''
If you don't have any de-icer, experts say you can use a basic solution of water with an added teaspoon of salt to pour over any affected areas.
When it comes to clearing off snow, 
 recommend using a soft brush is good for clearing the front grille.
As well as knowing the correct way to de-ice your vehicle, it's also really important to know what NOT to do.
You should never pour a 
of boiling hot water over the windows in an attempt to melt any ice.
The thermal shock from doing so can crack your windows - leading to a very expensive bill.
Also never use a 
, CD case or something similar to scrape away ice and snow -  as well as potentially snapping your card, this method could also scratch your windows.
When it comes to the inside of your windows you should never wipe them - even if you're tempted to do so.
This is because you run the risk of leaving marks on your windscreen, which could affect your vision in the long run.
Finally, remember to never begin driving until your windscreen, rear screen, side windows and door mirrors are free of ice, snow or any condensation.
It is illegal to drive with poor visibility as stated in 
.
Failure to properly clear the windscreen of snow or ice could result in the driver receiving 
 under the CU20 penalty code. 
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy