Author: Jessica Lester
FORMER Love Island star AJ Bunker has revealed that bosses shut down her Facebook ahead of her time on the show. 
The reality star - who rose to fame on the series in 2021 - admitted that her private life was uncovered, as the team behind the ITV2 programme quizzed her parents. 
 who has quit fame since the show to return to being a tattoo artist, revealed the story behind her application.
The former 
 star admitted that she filled out an application before she was vetted by bosses for the show.
AJ, who was 27 and "done with dating apps" back in 2021, said she "filmed a one-minute video" as part of her application.
The star faced a video-call with producers where she answered "questions about her dream man" before her social media was scoured and parents quizzed. 
AJ told 
: "Over eight weeks, I was spending around two days a week doing various interviews and tests. 
"I had three video calls with casting producers, two meetings with a psychiatrist, two final calls with the executive producers and then had a drugs and STI test.
"It wasn’t just me involved in the process - my parents had their fair share of paperwork too. 
"They had to confirm that they were okay with me going on the show and everything it could potentially bring, from the media attention to the trolling.
"What’s more, the Love Island team even went through all of my social media accounts and looked through every photo or comment I’d ever posted."
She admitted that as she'd had her Facebook since her "early teens", the account was shut down by the team. 
" I ended up being told to deactivate my account just because it was easier to take it all down than for them to scroll through 15 years of content," AJ added. 
Last year, AJ revealed all about her experience on the show - including why 
. 
The star revealed how during an interview with TV executives, AJ was quizzed about her sex life and dating tactics.
“They asked how I would catch a guy’s attention - I said I would approach him because in my eyes you’ve got to risk it for a chocolate biscuit,” she told The Sun.
“I think they chose me as a bombshell because I don’t mind chatting up a guy even if he was attached. They based it on my personality.”
AJ was asked if she “would have sex on TV”, to which she answered 'no' because she “grew-up Catholic and didn’t want to be 'executed' by my priest or mum”. 
Elsewhere, she explained that contestants always wear sunglasses in the morning - even in bed - because they are “woken by a massive, bright light”.
She added: “It’s awful, it’s like the light of God. It’s the brightest and it’s why everyone wears sunglasses in the morning.
“It’s not because no one has any make-up on, it’s because we’ve all just been blinded by that brutal light.”
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy