Author: Joshua Mbu
ITALY legend Pagliuca broke down in tears as Sampdoria paid tribute to the late Gianluca Vialli.
 after a battle with cancer. 
The ex-striker enjoyed a glittering career with Sampdoria, Juventus and 
 and earned 59 caps for 
.
Ahead of Sunday's Serie A clash with Udinese, Sampdoria and 
's former team-mates paid tribute to the club legend.
Massive banners could be seen in one of the stands at Sampdoria's home, the Luigi Ferraris.
A young Vialli draped in blue, red, white and black was paraded. 
A message read: "Your courage is our strength."
Ex-team-mates Pagliuca, Mannini, Bonetti, Pari, Vierchowod Pellegrini, Attilio Lombardo, Invernizzi, Cerezo, Salsano, Branca and Dossena honoured Vialli.
 could not be present, but was seen on FaceTime with former Palace star Lombardo.
Vialli was on Mancini's staff when 
.
Pagliuca could be seen in floods of tears as they paid tribute to their friend.
Current Sampdoria president Marco Lanna, a former team-mate of Vialli and a Serie A champion in 1990-91, had words for his pal before kick-off.
He said: "Dear Luca, we’ve thought about you for so long, we’ve been looking for you in the videos, and we’ve watched your goals and celebrations again.
"We’ve remembered what sort of teammate you were. We often listen to your emotional words ‘I signed for us.’ 
"We looked into the tears and the countless words and gestures you made during your battle.
"Life lessons to make us become better people. You will forever be in our hearts, with you, we made a magnificent moment of our life unforgettable. 
"We are here on behalf of every Sampdoria fan. It is in the storm that you see the real sailors. Hi Luca, we love you.”
Sampdoria fans sang: "Luca Vialli alé alé, we love you and adore you, you are better than Pele."
Vialli's former team went on to lose the game 1-0 with Kingsley Ehizibue scoring a late winner for Udinese. 
Sampdoria are struggling in the Italian top flight.
They're sat 19th after 19 games, picking up just 9 points.
 Conte 'to quit Spurs at end of season with club not offering him new deal'
 Man Utd Treble winner looks unrecognisable with huge beard as he poses with beer
 Victoria Beckham gets wrapped up in David's coat while watching Romeo
 Defoe dumped partner called Donna and their dog to date wife Donna
&copy