Author: Jamie Harris
GOOGLE Stadia closed down this week - but it doesn't mean the end for your controller.
The tech giant is allowing players to convert their 
 controller so it can be used on other platforms.
It comes after 
 made the difficult decision to 
 which was originally dubbed the 
 of gaming.
The service was beset by connection issues and struggled to attract as many gamers as Google had hoped.
So it was shutdown for good on January 18.
The firm promised to offer people refunds for any games they bought.
As for the controller, Google is letting you get some use of it beyond Stadia.
But you only get a certain amount of time to do it, so don't wait around.
You have until the end of 2023 - after that it'll be completely useless.
It's also important to note that switching is permanent, not that you'll get much use of it now Stadia has officially closed down.
The process converts the controller from Wi-Fi mode to 
 mode.
Before doing anything, make sure your Stadia controller is charged as it needs no less than 10 per cent to go ahead with the switch.
Using the Chrome web browser visit 
.
Tap the 
 button to proceed with the switching process if you're sure you want to go ahead with it - remember, it's permanent.
If you're certain, tick the accept box, followed by the 
 button.
Plug your Stadia controller into your PC with a USB data cable and click 
.
Then click 
.
A popup box will appear and you'll need to select the controller from the list, followed by 
.
Tap 
.
After this, you need to unlock the Stadia controller.
This is done by first unplugging it.
Then plugging it back in while holding the three dot button - the status light should stay off.
Finally press the three dot button, the Google Assistant button, A and Y at the same time.
To continue, click 
 step on the Chrome browser again.
Now you'll have to click 
, which lets Chrome download the update to put on the controller.
Select 
 from the list, then 
.
The download will then start.
Once it's done, click 
, which is the installation stage.
Click 
.
From the popup box, select 
 and 
.
The installation will then begin - make sure you don't unplug the controller or turn off your computer.
You can now use your Stadia controller for other wireless gaming services. 
Once your Stadia controller has switched to Bluetooth mode you'll want to know how to actually use it with other gaming services.
Just hold the Stadia button and Y for about two seconds until the status light flashes orange - this will get it into pairing mode.
On the gaming device, search for a Bluetooth accessory and select it from the list.
Looking for tips and tricks across your favourite consoles and games? We have you covered...
Get all of the latest 
, 
 and other 
 here
 
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy