Author: Alice Fuller
A WOMAN who was a single mum at 15 now runs a £500,000 booze business.
Claire Whalley, 42, makes and sells her own craft beer and spirits with her husband Tim 41.  
Neither had ever pulled a pint before they launched Craft Republic, but now they turn over half a million a year. 
The pair pumped their life savings into setting up the bar in Barry, South 
, and had a rocky start trying to launch in March 2020 just as Britain was plunged into 
.
But last year they were crowned the UK's best independent craft beer bar from the UK SIBA awards.
What's more, they have increased their combined old corporate salaries fivefold and couldn't be happier. 
Claire said: "We had some really scary and low moments and we had to throw everything into it so business didn't fail. 
"We had put £60,000 of our own money, our life savings, into making Craft Republic a success and it was that determination to make it work that made us so willing to adapt to the conditions of the pandemic. 
"We had the skills and tenacity to do it but it was upsetting and stressful.
"There were times we thought we could lose it all, but we didn't.
"Now it's the right mix of creativity, hard work and spending time together - all of our favourite things."
The ambitious couple met in 2007 in 
 through their marketing jobs.
They started dating and later that year Tim moved to Barry Island to live with Claire and her son.
Claire had been a single mum since the age of 15 and worked her way up in the communications sector as an account director earning £40,000.
Tim became head of commercial on a similar salary. 
In 2009, the couple got married and went on their honeymoon to 
, where Claire discovered a love for craft beer.
Once back home in South Wales, seeking out new bars to try a wide range of beers became a hobby but they got fed up with always having to travel away from home for a decent pint.
For 10 years they saved with the idea of opening their own craft beer bar in Barry so they wouldn't have to always go to the city centre.
And in March 2020, they opened Craft Republic, a fully independent boozer inside the Goodsheds development.
There were times we thought we could lose it all, but we didn't.
Their site includes a bottle shop with a canning machine for people to take freshly poured draught beer home.
Claire and Tim literally built the brand and bar from scratch using wood from parquet flooring. 
Claire said: "Everything in Craft we did ourselves - from designing the layout for the architects to the website and even the wallpapering."
Over the last two years they have grown their business and now have a separate branch for 
 - their gin, rum and vodka brand. 
Their "accidental" second business started off as an idea to develop a house gin to be enjoyed in Craft Republic. 
It was such a hit that Claire and Tim launched a spirits range.
Now the products, developed by the couple who grow as many of their own botanicals as they can at home, have been awarded Great Taste awards two years in a row.
They have a dedicated high street store and supply bottles to shops and restaurants, including chef 
's Michelin Star restaurant, the Hinds Head. 
Claire added: "When we launched the gin we thought we'd sell a bottle a week max, but the demand surprised us. 
"In four months we sold 2,000 bottles.
"We realised that what started out as an add-on to the bar had infinite growth potential.
"Now we want to grow the brand and continue to enjoy our work in and around Barry Island by taking our spirits out on the road to markets and festivals all year round alongside working in the shop and for trade."
This year, Claire and Tim also took part in a documentary with their business coach Cassandra Boddington called Business as Unusual about how they survived and thrived during the pandemic. 
It is available to watch on Amazon Prime Video.
 Martin Lewis’ urgent warning over direct debits that could see you paying more
 I visited UK's smallest house - but it's TOO tiny ... I hated it
 Exact amount PIP will rise this year - will you be better off?
 Major mobile network to scrap free data roaming in Europe for millions
&copy