Author: Lucy Murgatroyd
LOVE Island's Danica Taylor has revealed producers gave her ONE hour's notice before her iconic entrance.
The 21-year-old shot to fame on the eighth series of the ITV2 dating show last year. 
joined the rest of the sexy singletons on day 12. 
However she didn't just walk into the iconic villa like the rest of the bombshells usually do, she appeared right at the beginning of the Sex Sea challenge.
The dancer didn't have much time to prepare as she was only given a 60 minute warning before joining the rest of the Islanders.
told 
: "It was literally only an hour before. Imagine if I'd said no. 
"They were like 'so this is what it is, you're going to be in a shell and the Islanders are going to run down and then you're going to turn around and say 'hey boys', and then you're going to slide in, give a sexy little dance and then you're going to go over to all of the boys and do all this."
Recalling the exact moment, Danica added: "I started getting nervous when I heard them all running down because imagine, I'm in this shell and I've got producers going 'showtime' and all I can hear is them going 'woohoo'".
The star, who is a professional dancer, made her first appearance on the ITV2 show in a shell. 
The Islanders were left lost for words when the prop turned around and they saw Danica sitting in it. 
The beauty gave gang a little dance and introduced herself to the boys.
Despite the incredible first appearance, Danica failed to find love on the show. 
The star coupled up with SIX boys during her time in the villa, but left hand-in-hand with Jamie Allen.
Days after returning home to the UK, the pair
because she had failed to post anything about her new beau on social media.
Weeks later it was confirmed that they had 


 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 ITV 'axes' quiz show after first series
&copy