Author: Anita Markoff
A MUM and daughter duo have penned a kids’ book after reading stories to nursery children for two decades.
Ann McLauchlin and Jill Law worked together in First Class Nursery in Aberdeen for nearly 20 years, and both women loved sitting down with the youngsters for story-time.
Now they’ve had their own children’s book published and it’s being read around the world.
Jill, 48, from Aberdeen, said: “Once that final copy arrived on my doorstep, my mum arrived and we opened it - it was just a dream come true.
“We’re on social media, so when people send in pictures of little girls captivated reading it, it’s the best part.
“There’s a comment on our social media from the other day - a woman saying that her grandchildren in Australia are going to receive it for Christmas. The thought that there are little girls globally reading it is mind-blowing frankly.”
The pair decided to write a book about blended families after struggling to find stories on the subject while working in the nursery.
Mum-of-one Jill said: “We’d go to the shelf and there wouldn’t be a book there. Sometimes different cultures weren’t represented.
“Our book is about a blended family. In the modern times that we live in there are often blended families, where the mum and the dad getting married have their own children and they’re coming together as one, or they’re from different cultures. That’s similar in the nursery.
“There were very few stories about divorce, or blended families.”
Their book, titled Fa-ra-ra boom-de-ay! is a fantasy tale about a flower girl searching for the perfect dress in the run up to her mum’s wedding day.
The ladies hope their happy ending can inspire other families to spend more time together, and improve children’s literacy.
Retired Ann, 73, who lives round the corner from her daughter in Aberdeen, said: “We’re really keen to promote reading and writing and language in general for young children.
“It also had to be something which children could use to get away from computers, get away from phones, that kind of culture, and sit down with mum and dad and interact.
“Quality time and reading, it’s going back to the old fashioned values in a lot of ways.
“It’s very much the kind of book that Jill would have loved to have had as a child, without a doubt.”
Jill, now a wedding celebrant, has fond memories of her mother reading her bedtime stories as a little girl, and wants to pass that magic on to other wee ones.
She said: “Every now and again I marry pupils who came through the nursery and they have the book. It’s sort of gone full circle which is lovely.
“We have staff from the nursery who are now grown up with their children, and they’re reading it - they’re like, ‘I used to work for these people’. It’s lovely.”
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 Sleep expert reveals how to stay warm at night without putting the heating on
 I’m a gypsy girl & never go to the toilet in our caravans, it has a different use
 Multi-millionaire on Rich House Poor House pays broke man £50k a year
&copy