Author: Martha Cliff
WITH temperatures dropping across the UK, we can’t blame Paris Fury for wanting to escape to warmer climates.
The mum-of-six took to Instagram where she showed off her impressive tan in a family photo from her latest getaway.
The family have recently returned from their two week getaway and Paris was eager to share memories from their trip.
Dressed in a trendy black crop top and matching leggings, Paris, 31, showcased her toned physique as she stood alongside her boxing legend hubby Tyson, 34.
The couple were joined by all six of their children, Venezuela, Valencia, Athena, Prince John James, Prince Tyson II and Prince Adonis Amaziah, who were dressed head to toe in designer gear.
The girls could be seen wearing personalised tracksuits by Heymama while the couple’s sons were decked out in Levis and Gucci, armed with a can of fizzy pop and a packet of Pringles.
But despite the high end price tag of her kids wardrobe, Fury fans were all quick to praise the family for being ‘down to earth.’
Commenting on the Instagram post, one wrote: “The most normal family in the world.
“Wealthy and kid picks Pringles and coke Paris & Tyson no wonder the world loves you both and your family (sic).”
Agreeing another added: “How gorgeous just a normal family off on their holly bobs.”
“The kid with the Pringles is my spirit animal,” added another.
“Lovely down to earth family,” agreed a fourth.
Paris also shared a second family photo of the clan posing in front of the fairy tale castle at their resort.
The family returned from their holiday on Thursday as the Gypsy King prepares to ramp up his training for the blockbuster bout with Oleksandr Usyk.
Tenerife is the latest holiday that Paris has enjoyed over the past year.
Last summer the family enjoyed trips to the South of France as well as Palm Beach in Florida.
In February the couple enjoyed
where the mum enjoyed a luxury shopping spree.
Previously the Tyson clan went on a bumper family holiday to Florida, where they visited Disney and the 
And the couple also enjoyed some alone time without their kids during a
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 I’m a gypsy girl & never go to the toilet in our caravans, it has a different use
 Multi-millionaire on Rich House Poor House pays broke man £50k a year
&copy