Author: Sarah Tetteh
LAUREN Goodger has spoken for the first time to reassure fans she is ok after her sudden social media disappearance.
Fans feared for the TOWIE legend, 36, when she quit social media - now she's back she says she's 'stronger than ever.'
 made a triumphant return to the showbiz scene looking stunning in a crop top and gold maxi shirt at the Inspiration Awards for Women at the Landmark Hotel on Friday night.
Now addressing why she
social media for the first time,  Lauren opened up to The Sun and said: "I'm ok, and I'm stronger than ever.
"I have to be strong for my daughter Larose. Being strong is my only option."
The brave star continued: "I just needed some time away after a lot of hell I've been through. Everyone was worried about me when I came off social media, even my family were so worried about me. But I want to let everyone know I'm ok."
Lauren was left devastated last July when she confirmed her 
 following complications at birth in an Instagram post.
The doting mother shared her daughters with ex-boyfriend Charles Drury. 
It is believed their relationship ended badly last year, and at the funeral of their second daughter, Lorena, it is alleged Lauren was attacked and she was left with a black eye.
Charles Drury, 25, was later arrested and bailed following the incident. 
Now Lauren is putting her energy into being the best mum for LaRose.
She said: "I've taken time out for myself.
I have archived my Instagram posts, not deleted them for good, so some of them could make a return.
I'm just starting afresh, but i'm still doing my charity work for Lorenna's cause which is so important to me.
"I am just so glad to be back.
"This is my first showbiz event in two years and it is for such a good cause."


 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy