Author: James Lawley
The 25-year-old welcomed her second child with the rapper in February but has kept his identity under wraps until now.
Kylie took to Instagram on January 21 to 
, after she 
f.
She shared a series of photos giving fans their first true look at the tot, whose face she has hidden on social media until now.
For the first image, she and Aire posed for a mirror selfie at home.
The Hulu star showed off the little one's curly hair and adorable face as he was dressed in a shark-print babygrow.
Other photos took fans inside Kylie and Aire's home life.
One showed him smiling on the sofa wearing a beanie hat, while another pictured him sitting at a high chair.
Another shot, taken from a roll of film, saw Kylie cuddling with her baby on the floor while he was dressed in a white T-Shirt and blue jeans.
The Keeping Up With the Kardashians alum simply captioned the post "AIRE" and added a white heart emoji.
The cosmetics mogul's family rushed to the comments to share their support and confirm the name announcement.
"I love you Aire Webster," wrote momager Kris Jenner, 67.
"My boy," gushed sister Kendall, 27.
Older sibling Khloe Kardashian, 38, wrote: "The king!!! Young king!"
Kardashian fanatics were equally enthusiastic to share their adoration for the little one.
"Oh my God, he’s the cutest," wrote one fan as another agreed: "What a beautiful child!"
A third wrote: "I love his name!"
Kylie first announced her son's 
 2022, four days 
.
She originally named the boy Wolf, but then claimed she and Travis had changed it, stating it "wasn't him"
Fans have been eagerly waiting for months to learn his new moniker, but Kylie has refused to share the name on many occasions.
She and Travis haven't been in a rush to reveal details about their son either.
Aire's face has never been shown in social media photographs before, with Kylie only 
, or images taken from behind.
The now eleven-month-old is Kylie's second child with Travis, 
 a four-year-old daughter, Stormi.
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy