Author: Jordan Tennant
IT'S the shake-up Love Island fans have been waiting for.
After months of speculation, ITV has confirmed a spin-off of the hit dating show, starring a bunch of middle-aged singletons.
But the question on everyone's lips is "who's going to be the new host?"
We can exclusively reveal that Scots sofa queen Lorraine Kelly is the favourite to take over presenting duties.
The Romance Retreat will air on the main channel, as opposed to the younger-skewing ITV2.
Producers are inviting "single parents" to audition for the eagerly anticipated Love Island-style series.
With 
 placing bubbly Lorraine at 2/1 to take the helm. 
A betting insider told The Scottish Sun: “Lorraine Kelly is the Queen of morning television, and we make her the favourite to host this Love Island spin-off for older contestants.”
“With such a familiar face for the contestants to interact with, we think Lorraine would be the perfect choice.”
Also in the running is Phillip Schofield at 6/1, Rylan Clark priced at 8/1 and Claudia Winkleman bagging odds of 12/1.
However scooping second favourite to host the upcoming dating show is Davina McCall at 3/1.
After the former Big Brother presenter made no secret of the fact she has begged to host an older version of Love Island.
The blurb for The Romance Retreat reads: "ITV1 are looking for vibrant single parents from across the UK who are in search of love, for a brand new dating show!
" This is the ONLY dating show where single parents can search for love, by spending time in a luxury retreat, where all the parents have been nominated by their grown up children."
The ad also appeared to give viewers a first look at the 'villa' that will likely be used in the series.
The image shows a stunning modern pad with a glass balcony, surrounded by a sprawling garden.
And it looks like the perfect place for romance to blossom.
 
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy