Author: Amanda Devlin
SUPERSTAR singer Beyoncé has performed for the first time in four years at the grand opening of a luxurious hotel in Dubai. 
 was paid a whopping £20million for the gig - with famous guests including 
 and 
 flying out to watch her at 
.
The icon, who last performed in 2018, walked the red carpet in a metallic gold plunge dress with dramatic ruching and side slits before changing into a yellow floor-length dress.
Also walking the red carpet was actress 
 with husband 
, presenter 
, Made in Chelsea stars Millie Mackintosh and Hugo Taylor, actress 
, 
 and wife Storm, Kim Kardashian's best pal 
.
The celebs had been jetted in for the three-day extravaganza -before more than one thousand special guests gathered beneath the resort's iconic façade to witness the unforgettable event.
 was supported by 
, Blue Ivy — who joined her mum on stage for a rendition of Brown Skin Girl — as well as twins Rumi and Sir.
She banned recording of the show and forced attendees to lock up their phones before the gig.
Beyoncé started with At Last, by Etta James, a nod to the fact the 43-storey hotel took years to build, before singing hits Halo, Spirit, Be Alive, Bigger and ending on Drunk In Love — but there were no songs from her new album.
Cashmere scar-ves were handed out in case anyone got chilly during Bey’s set and wristband holders were given an allocated space.
As well as free-flowing booze and food, there was a vending machine dispensing Moët & Chandon champagne bottles.
In a breathtaking finale moment, set against the stunning backdrop of Atlantis The Royal,  GRAMMY’s most nominated artist - tied with JAY-Z - was raised sixteen feet into the air amidst one of the world’s unique performance fountains, Skyblaze. Surrounded by a field of water and fire, a powerful rendition of “Drunk in Love” closed the magnificent and awe-inspiring show.
The show lasted one hour and 15 minutes, meaning she earned £266k a minute.
Her epic performance was followed by a fireworks and drone extravaganza, lighting up Dubai’s newest icon.
Mega DJs Swedish House Mafia then took to the decks for those who wanted to carry on partying.
An insider told The Sun on Sunday: “Guests were offered hair and make-up before the gig and given a VIP gold bracelet for access instead of a bog-standard wristband. It was the hottest ticket in the country, perhaps the world.
“It was an intimate, personal set, with a beautiful gold sun backdrop and dancers in red.
“It’s a hint of what’s to come with Beyonce’s upcoming tour.”
The Saturday spectacular is the pinnacle of the resort’s Grand Reveal weekend, which has seen guests dine from the kitchens of the world’s finest chefs including Nobu, Jose Andres and Heston Blumenthal. 
The weekend also features the star-studded Grand Opening events of Nobu and Ling Ling and the launch of Kendall Jenner’s 818 Tequila on the resort’s sky pool, Cloud 22.
Tim Kelly, Managing Director of Atlantis Dubai said: “This is it. Our moment to unveil Atlantis The Royal as the world’s most ultra-luxury entertainment resort has arrived. 
"We’re delighted that global superstar Beyoncé was here to launch this extraordinary resort in an unforgettable way – a true icon, launching an icon. 
"We are excited to begin welcoming guests in February and treat them to an experience that will completely redefine their perspective of luxury.”
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy