Author: Kate Kulniece
NO visit to Aldi is complete without checking out their famous middle aisle - and now one insider has revealed what's in store next week.
Whether it's 
 or a bunch of 
, the popular company always offers bargains, and the upcoming week is no exception.
According to 
, who shared the exciting news on 
, there are loads goodies to get your hands on, whether you're after 
 or love a cup of coffee.
If you're looking to give your 
 a little makeover, then their Luxury Concentrated Disinfectant is a must - and it retails for just £2.79.
The bargain buy, 
, comes in a range of scents, such as Twilight Bouquet and Egyptian Cotton.
The upcoming week will also see other scented products hitting the shelves, with Aldi's Luxury Room Perfume leading the way at £1.99.
Just as the disinfectant, this spray is available in various scents, so there's one for every preference.
In terms of 
, next week's celebrating coffee - and there are loads of bargains to keep your eyes peeled for.
If you want to up your at-home coffee game, then best plan a trip to your nearest Aldi - their £19.99 milk frother is a must for your morning cup of Joe.
Another essential for the coffee rituals are their glass cups which retail for £8.99 or another alternative - insulated travel mugs that can be bagged for just £3.99.
Whether you're more into dark hues or bright colours, there's plenty to choose from.
For those obsessed with cleaning, Aldi has launched assorted dusters - available in light grey and baby pink, these £1.99 items are not ones to miss.
Another product hitting the middle aisle is worktop saver that can be bagged for £3.99 and is available in a range of patterns, for example, marble and zesty lemon.
Aldi fans don't need telling twice - many said they'd be racing to the store as soon as possible.
''I have been wondering when Aldi’s will bring milk frother,'' one was excited.
Another was just as keen for a 
, writing: ''can't wait, I'm going aldi 2mora for these beauties.''
''The room spray is lush,'' a third claimed.
''Do online deliveries! You’d make hundreds just from me!!!!'' someone else demanded.
Need more convincing to pop down to Aldi? Well, parents are raving about their new 
.
sees the new baby skincare range drop, with products 
starts as low as £1.49 and is available to shop at Aldi.
Aldi's Special Buys Instagram Account shared a clip of the full Step Ahead Mum To Be range, which has already racked up over 2,000 likes by fans.
Firstly the new baby skincare range, which includes a bubble bath, moisturiser, hair and body wash, ticks all the boxes and has your child's health and delicate skin at the forefront of Aldi's creators minds.
The range is cruelty-free, vegan, dermatologist and paediatrician approved, so rest assured these products are safe to use on all skin types.
The new release includes a Stretch Mark Oil, Nipple Balm and Magic Bump Mask, which started to creep onto the beauty radar circa 2020, as well as a Perineum Spray and Oil.
All the products in the expecting or new parents range aims to provide the ultimate comfort to mums during pregnancy or post birth, while also relax you.
The Bump Sheet Mask does exactly what it says on the tin, it aims to nourish your baby bump, hydrate the growing bump, soothe your body if you are suffering from any aches and pains, and target any lines or stretch marks.
Nipple Balm we predict will sell out fast, as it aims to soothe the delicate area during your pregnancy, or after when you may be breastfeeding, thanks to the nourishing shea butter and coconut oil formulation.
Aldi's Step Ahead Stretch Mark Soother Oil is bound to be another firm favourite with shoppers during your pregnancy and after.
The treatment aims to keep your skin supple, hydrated and target any fine lines.
The formula is super hydrating but also calming thanks to the combination of lavender and rosemary oil.
The Step Ahead Mum To Be Stretch Mark Soother Cream is another nourishing balm, and ideal for those looking for deeper hydration, thanks to the balm formula.
This creation boasts coconut oil and shea oil, which is exactly the nourishing and intensely moisturising for the stomach, legs, hips, and any other body parts you feel need some TLC.
Step Ahead Mum To Be's range also includes Perineum Spray and Massage Oil, which is ideal for after birth and to prepare for birth.
Both the Perineum Spray and Oil have been created from natural plant oils, which are soothing, and promote skin elasticity, to reduce risk of tears, while also promoting recovery.
The Step Ahead range are available
 and in store now.
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 I’m a gypsy girl & never go to the toilet in our caravans, it has a different use
 Multi-millionaire on Rich House Poor House pays broke man £50k a year
&copy