Author: Martin Lipton
CHELSEA and Liverpool played out a 0-0 bore draw at Anfield this lunchtime.
The two began the day in mid-table, slugging it out to try and grab three crucial points in their respective battles to climb back into the European places.
Both sides huffed and puffed, but neither were able to grab a breakthrough on a low-key afternoon at Anfield.
 did make an exciting cameo off the bench for the away side, but couldn't unlock the 
 defence.
SunSport's Martin Lipton rates and slates each 
 performer.
Angered the home fans by consuming time but rarely troubled and well-protected by the thick blue line in front of him.
Kept his defensive shape and discipline even as he switched from a three to a four when Liverpool pressed.
Used all his experience especially when Liverpool stepped it up at the start of the second half. Remains the calmest man on the planet.
Showed he is a genuine attacking threat and close to a first Chelsea goal. Solid and strong and commitment will have pleased 
.
Stuck to his defensive task to deny Mo Salah space although barely made any attacking impact down the flank.
Tidy enough but does he ever really set a tempo or hurt opponents? Just a bit too humdrum.
Spiky and combative from the opening minute. Sailed close to the wind a few times with rash tackles but never flinched from the battle.
The latest unlikely choice of right wing-back but rarely as exposed defensively as might have been and did offer width and shape. One great run ended with shot too high.
Some bright moments but too few for him to really impact the game as he would have wanted.
Youngster had to flit between central role in possession and wider one off the ball. Close with a cross-shot before made way for Mudryk.
Unlucky to have inadvertently stepped offside to be denied an early goal. Worked hard but not a natural No9 and slightly unfair to ask him to play there.
(for Hall, 67) - 
Ukrainian shone off the bench on his Prem bow. Dancing feet so close to making breakthrough. Looks the real deal.
 (for Chalobah, 81) - 
Club skipper replaced injured Chalobah late-on as Blues battened down the defensive hatches to make his 500th appearance for the club.
(for Havertz, 81) - 
A genuine striker for the last 10 minutes or so but too late for him to get into the game.
 (for Mount, 82) - 
Nearly made an instant impact only to lose his footing after bursting into the box.
Bettinelli, Koulibaly, Humphreys, Loftus-Cheek, Fofana
 Victoria Beckham gets wrapped up in David's coat while watching Romeo
 Defoe dumped partner called Donna and their dog to date wife Donna
 Ex-Premier League star throws his 'cheating c*** ex's' stuff across garden
 Southampton and Villa stars FORCED OFF and game delayed after DRONE flies over
&copy