Author: Jane Matthews
MISSING aristocrat Constance Marten is said to have given birth in her car before vanishing with her rapist partner and baby. 
The 
, 35, and 
, 48, disappeared more than two weeks ago, with police and 
 for them to come out of hiding. 
It was revealed yesterday that Gordon raped his neighbour while armed with garden shears 
. 
The trio have been missing since January 5, when they abandoned their burning car on the M61 near 
, Greater Manchester.
Sources have now told 
 a placenta was spotted in the backseat of the couple's charred car by fire crews. 
Emergency services rushed to the scene after motorists spotted the vehicle, which is said to have been bought with cash not long beforehand, alight on a hard shoulder. 
Fire crews arrived to find the engine alight, and quickly checked the car to make sure nobody was inside. 
But what they saw was a placenta and other signs of childbirth in the back seat, the source said. 
Police believe the baby was born in the car one or two days earlier. 
The source said cops don't think the couple set the car alight, but that it went up in flames after a mechanical failure. 
Constance and Gordon are thought to have lost much of the belongings they packed for their trip in the fire. 
The discovery of the placenta showed the lengths the couple were willing to go to to keep their whereabouts a secret - as they didn't seek any medical attention. 
Since then, officers have asked the public to report any sightings.
Since their disappearance, Gordon, Constance and the youngster have been 
.
The 
 was near East Ham station in East London on January 7.
The couple, who are said to have lived reclusively for the last six years, are paying for transport and accommodation in cash and using fake names.
There are fears they are living off Constance's multimillion-pound trust fund and may be able to evade detection for long periods.
Constance was also said to have hidden her pregnancy for five months.
The 35-year-old comes from a long line of wealthy landowners with 
.
Her dad Napier Marten is a former page to the late 
 while her grandmother Mary Anna Marten OBE, whose godmother was the late 
, was a playmate to 
.
Constance, once an 
, 
 in the Dorset countryside and is understood to have access to substantial savings, despite being estranged from her relatives, 
 reports.
Whereas, Birmingham-born Gordon comes from a far different background. 
The sex offender spent 
 in Broward County, 
, before moving back to the UK with his mum and siblings in 2010.
He is understood to have met Constance after she dropped out of drama school in 2016 and cut ties with her family and friends. 
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy