Author: Jessica Lester
GEMMA Collins has revealed she is hiring a world-famous DJ for a huge birthday party she's throwing this year. 
The former 
 star took to her podcast to reveal her plans for the bash ahead of her 42nd birthday. 
, who is set to celebrate her big day at the end of January, said she had already sent out invites for a huge party to celebrate her birthday. 
The Diva Forever star told her fans that she had asked a world-famous DJ to bring the tunes at the star-studded bash. 
Gemma said she messaged 
 on Instagram to see whether he would agree to visit her birthday bash. 
Fat Tony - real name Tony Marnach - operates in an inner celebrity circle with the likes of Kate Moss and Boy George. 
"I turn 42 on January 31, so I am arranging a big birthday party," Gemma revealed on the Gemma Collins Podcast.
"I sent invites out today. I sent a picture of Ru Paul with pink sparkles, and it said 'Save the date, you are only allowed entry if you're wearing sequins and you're ready to party'."
She added of the DJ: "On top of that, I am a huge fan of DJ Fat Tony - and when I had my trapped nerve, I was laying on the bed and I was watching him on Instagram. 
"The beats got me so excited and so happy, and I was like, 'Look, he's a legend, he's going to be hard to get'.
"But in this life, if you don't ask you don't get. So I messaged the DJ Fat Tony and I hope my dreams come true. 
"I told him that I love him and that he's getting me through my trapped nerve pain, and now he has responded."
Gemma went on to reveal that it hadn't been finalised as she was unsure if "she could afford him". 
"I'm not sure I can afford him, but let's see! He is a legend, it will be the best birthday party ever," Gemma concluded. 
It comes after Gemma revealed she had 
The Diva Forever star looked stunning in glam make-up as her blonde locks tumbled down her chest in the video.
She panned the camera round to reveal she was hanging out with Strictly star James Jordan, and singer Brian McFadden.
Gemma revealed that she had asked 
 who recently shed 3.5stone with a new diet and exercise regime, to come and "train her at home" alongside his wife 
The reality star told her following: "James Jordan - he is looking unbelievable, he's going to come round and train me. Him and his wife look out of this world."
James - who walked away from Strictly in 2014 - could be heard thanking Gemma in the background.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy