Author: Olivia Burke
A WOMAN has shared a string of modest outfits that got her into trouble in school - saying she can't believe what kids can now get away with. 
 took a trip down memory line to share her experience of getting dress coded in the classroom. 
She dug out some of her old clobber to create a 
 documenting how she was ridiculously reprimanded for her casual outfits. 
The content creator explained she was routinely disciplined for her dress choice while attending middle 
 in the 
.
She filmed herself in three different outfits to mimick the run-ins with teachers in her latest TikTok. 
Tori first donned a pink vest paired with black patterned leggings - a 
 statement that earnt her a telling off. 
She then changed into white high-waisted jeans with a rip in one leg and a contrasting blue knit top, an style choice she was also dress coded for. 
The TikToker then upped her layers by sporting black jeans, a white jumper and a black bubble coat. 
But she claims even this casual outfit resulted in her getting a dressing down from teachers. 
Tori took the opportunity to highlight the difference in school rules a decade after she completed her education.
She decided to dress up as a middle schooler in the tongue-in-cheek clip shared with her 222,000 followers. 
Tori hilariously trotted into the shot clutching a smartphone while wearing teeny cycling shorts and a mini crop top. 
She joked that youngsters now somehow "pass" dress code rules despite wearing much less than she did. 
The TikToker captioned the comical clip: "I swear I'd have the best outfits if I was 10 years younger!"
Social media users were clearly amused by the video, seeing it rack up over 96,000 likes. 
One commented: "Right! This is so spot on."
A second wrote: "This is so true! I literally wore the third outfit and got dress coded." 
A third added: "This is literally my school."
And a fourth added: "As a middle schooler myself I can say that this video is true."
Others were keen to find out where Tori had purchased some of her clothing from, while some teens claimed that dress codes were still as strict as ever. 
One said: "I get dress coded for everything! The dress code at my school is like three pages long."
Another chimed in: "I still get dress coded for no reason."
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 Sleep expert reveals how to stay warm at night without putting the heating on
 I worked at Tesco and there’s a reason we always try to talk to you at the tills
&copy