Author: Summer Raemason
A SUPER quick and cheap hack to unlock your frozen car door in less than a minute has been revealed.
Nothing is more frustrating than being delayed on route to work, or the school run, when icey temperatures have sealed the lock.
Most people can de-frost their motor by simply letting the engine heat up on its own - but what happens when you can't get into the car.
De-icer is sure to work on your ice covered windshield but it is not always effective on car door locks.
Instead, try using a lighter to heat up the key for less than a minute and it should slide in easily. 
A lighter can cost you less than £1 with the Bic brand charging just 0.71p. 
If you do not have a lighter at hand, a match would also work - a box of 90 can be purchased for £8.99 on Amazon.
Boiling water is another option, if a flame is not available, simply dip the key and leave for 30 seconds or so.
However, it is much handier to carry a lighter or matches - in case the lock has re-frozen by the time you arrive at your destination.
If this is the case, you may not be able to lock it again and risk losing your vehicle to theft. 
It is important to be safe when using a naked flame or handling hot water so be sure to wear gloves, mitts or tongs for extra protection. 
Other methods such as trying to chip away ice covering the lock could damage the lock in the process, and bigger flames such as a blowtorch could also cause damage to the paint job.
This comes as people share their frozen car hacks, including one woman who demonstrated how to de-frost the windscreen.
Her hack cost only 50p and most people will have the item in their home already.
The woman reveals that all you need to do is fill a freezer bag with hot water and rub it over your windscreen.
Surprisingly, the 
shows it only takes her 30 seconds to thoroughly defrost her car.
But drivers are warned they need to make sure that the water is not too hot, or they could end up shattering the glass.
Another trick shared on 
, showed a driver de-frosting his windows with rubbing alcohol and a rag.
The ice on your windscreen will melt away in seconds.
These tips could save you thousands, as Rule 229 of the 
 states: "Drivers must be able to see, so clear all snow and ice from all your windows.
"Make sure that your mirrors are clear and the windows are demisted thoroughly."
If drivers fail to demist their windscreen, they can be fined up to £1,000 and get three points on their licence.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy