Author: Shan Ally
THE Apprentice winner Harpreet Kaur admitted that women  shouldn't be afraid to be sexy in business.
The entrepreneur, who last year won a life-changing £250,000 investment for her dessert parlour business, Oh So Yum, said women can be unfairly criticised for looking glamorous in the workplace.
Speaking exclusively to The Sun, 
 said she takes pride in her appearance and enjoys wearing a pair of heels and a colourful shift dress at work. 
When asked if women can be taken seriously in the workplace if they look glamourous and sexy, Harpreet replied: "Yes, 100 per cent, women should be taken seriously no matter what they wear, sometimes I like to wear a dress and heels."
The successful businesswoman said making a good impression is key - but admitted that women shouldn't have to tone down their outfits to please others.
She continued: "I honestly think it’s about what you feel on inside at the end of the day and how you portray yourself, it doesn’t matter what you wear. 
"I would say dress well and make a good impact. 
"But you need to feel what you feel good  and confident in. 
"If that’s high heels and a nice dress, then great, I feel good in that. 
"If it’s wearing something more comfortable then great, but it’s about feeling good inside and knowing your worth and knowing your value. 
"That will portray across to anyone regardless of what you’re wearing. 
"Present the best version of yourself but if you know you’re not comfortable in something, it will come across to other people and that respect then gets lost a little bit."
Earlier this month, Harpreet spilled the beans on some of the 
 from the BBC One show.
The dessert shop owner - who always looked impeccable on task days - revealed that they have less than half an hour to make themselves presentable before facing 
 at the crack of dawn.
"Honestly I don't know how we did it, I wish I could get ready that quickly now," she said.
"I think when you're forced to do something, you can make it happen.
"We used to just use loads of little tricks, like line-up your makeup brushes, pre-select your outfits for the three/four days.
"Genuinely we just had those 20 minutes at 4am, which looking back we managed to pull it together.
"I don't think I could do it now. But all of these extra factors - the cameras, the high heels all day, having to get ready in 20 minutes - all of that intensity for me was just noise, I just cancelled it out.
"But my laser focus was on the task, when it's time to wind down at night you realise how exhausted you are and actually your feet really hurt."
The BBC star also opened up about her blossoming romance with fellow co-star Akshay Thakra.
"Me and Akshay started dating after filming and after the show aired on TV," she said.
"It's crazy as it just proves that anything can happen really, I was really focused in the house on the end goal so I didn't see anything apart from that. But we're doing really well."
Going from strength-to-strength, she continued: "He's even given me a few ideas and he's been really supportive.
"I'm having a relationship with someone who has been through the same experience as me and who is also very business minded, we just bounce off each other - I think we're a good duo."
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy