Author: Abigail Wilson
The man took to 
 to explain his shock at his 
' building work.
He revealed that his neighbours had gone through with an 'appalling' extension, as he shared an image from the inside of his home, showing off a photo of the wall that sat just 1.5 metres' away.
The scaffold was erected immediately outside of his window and the window was cracked upon ajar, but appeared as if it couldn't extend to its full potential due to the new extension sitting so close.
In 
, the man questioned whether the building work was legal.
Captioning the post, he wrote: "Came back home after a month to find a wall 1.5 m away from my window."
Seeking advice from fellow Reddit users, he questioned: "How is that even legal?"
The man’s post has clearly shocked many, as it has racked up 2,200 comments.
Reddit users were keen to share their thoughts on the jaw-dropping ordeal.
Taking to the comment section, one person wrote: "It's appalling, I think the expanding foam hanging down sets it off nicely."
A second noted: "F*** me, that blockwork is absolutely shocking.”
Meanwhile, someone else said: "Every single thing about that wall screams 'nobody can tell me what to do on my own property'."
Whilst another user posted: "No one bothers enforcing it though, my neighbour has an illegal extension up for now 15 years.”
As well as this, one user opened up about a similar experience they had with a neighbour.
The Reddit user explained: "My neighbour built a large fence without permits and just tried to assume she knew the property line. She regretted that s***.
"We made her take the fence down and pay us for damages and such. People always try that s***."
According to the 
 website, you will most likely need planning permission if you have intentions of building any form of extension.
However, the 
 highlighted that some extensions don't require planned permission as they're classed as permitted development.
According to the HOA, extensions are exempt from planning permission when they satisfy a number of criteria. 
The HOA explains that extensions must take up no more than half of the area of land (curtilage) surrounding the original house.
Single-storey extensions must not extend beyond the house's rear wall by more than eight metres for a detached house, or more than six metres for any other type of house.
And side extensions must be single-storey with a maximum height of four metres and maximum width no more than half that of the original house.
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 I’m a gypsy girl & never go to the toilet in our caravans, it has a different use
 Multi-millionaire on Rich House Poor House pays broke man £50k a year
&copy