Author: David Fowler
FORMER Rangers striker Jermain Defoe has been spotted back in Scotland clutching the shirt of his former club.
The footballer spent three years at Ibrox and scored 32 goals in 74 games for the club - as well as landing the Scottish Premiership title in 2021.
It was during this hot streak he met wife Donna - but fears over his marriage to the Glasgow beauty therapist surfaced earlier this month after they spent Christmas apart.
The former Sunderland, Spurs and West Ham striker was in St Lucia for the festive season while Donna changed her social media profile names back to maiden name Tierney, and unfollowed her 40-year-old husband online.
The pair were wed at a lavish £200,000 event in Berkshire last summer - with pictures of the big day spread throughout OK! magazine.
However 
 as no record of the nuptials has been sourced locally, or in Glasgow.
Now images show Defoe back in Scotland - a year since leaving Rangers - and clutching a shirt of his former team.
He dropped into 
 to provide signed memorabilia for a fundraiser in March.
The footballer was all smiles as he posed with the CEO and founders of the charity which supports children and young people affected by bereavement and trauma with one-to-one counselling and art therapy.
Amongst the shirt haul up for grabs at 
 are tops from Defoe's playing career including Tottenham, England and two from the Glasgow giants.
The charity wrote: "The very lovely 
 with our communications manager 
 and founders of the charity Urfan and Mariam.
"Jermain popped into the office to hear all about the work we do in Scotland and our plans for the future. 
"He also signed a few strips which will be up for auction at our black tie event!"
Defoe captioned 
with praise for the work being done.
He wrote: "Great to meet @themiraclefoundationscio last night and hear about all the work they do with young people and children affected by bereavement and trauma."
The striker also has a charity foundation of him to support homeless, vulnerable and abused children in his family home of St Lucia.
 Victoria Beckham gets wrapped up in David's coat while watching Romeo
 Defoe dumped partner called Donna and their dog to date wife Donna
 Ex-Premier League star throws his 'cheating c*** ex's' stuff across garden
 Southampton and Villa stars FORCED OFF and game delayed after DRONE flies over
&copy