Author: Nana Saah Ossei
SAS: Who Dares Wins is returning to Channel 4 for a new season with a new location in Vietnam.
Here's a look at the cast of the new season of the 
Chris Oliver is joining the latest series of SAS: Who Dares Wins whose military experience spans over 16 years.
He is a former Special Forces operator and Royal Marine mountain leader and first joined the military aged 16.
Oliver said: "I will bring a hard-hitting intensity to the SAS: Who Dares Wins DS, being a fiery character with a very passionate approach to military training, with respect being at the forefront of everything I do.
"The values I intend to instil in the recruits, as part of the DS, have been forged on operations where we have lost good operators, so they had better be under no illusions – anyone who doesn’t play by the rules will pay the price."
Billy is returning to the show as Chief DS.
He is an expert in jungle warfare after spending half his decorated military career serving in the jungle.
Tweeting about the show, he said: "The toughest, most challenging ‘SAS: Who Dares Wins’ will air in Jan!
"Set in the unforgiving Vietnamese jungle, I’ve taken on the role of Chief Instructor, supported by the most experienced & tenacious team of DS - Foxy, Rudy & new DS Chris Oliver. No substitute for experience."
Jason Fox is also an instructor on the SAS: Who Dares Wins.
In the past he said: "The producers will always be like, 'Ooh can we do this? And can we do that?' and we're like, 'Well, we can do it', but we never f**king did it. 'Why not?' 'Because it's stupid.'"
Recon Marine Rudy Reyes is also coming back on the show as an instructor.
Rudy said: "I want the recruits to learn through pain and believe me, they're going to learn a lesson."
He added: "Because I came from a broken home, Bruce Lee, Wolverine, Rambo - they were my father figures and I aspired to be just like them.
"Wrestling, martial arts - ultimately lead me to the military. And the military was the family I ultimately had always been looking for."
The SAS: Who Dares Wins season eight will air on Monday, 23 January, 2023.
It will be on Channel 4 at 9pm.
Episodes will be available on 
 after each episode has aired.
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy