Author: Nina Clevinger
Previously, the NCIS: Los Angeles alum was engaged to Boston Celtics coach Ime Udoka.
Nia Long's ex-fiance Ime Udoka is a Nigerian-American professional basketball coach and former player who was born on August 9, 1977, in 
, Oregon. 
Udoka played in the NBA's official minor league, once known as the National Basketball Development League (NBDL - now the G League).
The athlete later joined several professional teams, including the New York Knicks, San Antonio Spurs, Sacramento Kings, and 
. 
He also played basketball overseas in Argentina, Spain, France, and Nigeria.
From 2012 until 2019, Udoka served as an assistant coach for the San Francisco Spurs. 
He then joined the Philadelphia 76ers under head coach Brett Brown before moving to the Brooklyn Nets in 2020. 
Udoka was later named the Boston Celtics' head coach in 2021. 
Due to his successful career, he has been able to amass an extensive net worth of $11.5million, according to 
. 
On December 6, 2022, it was announced Nia Long and Udoka called off their engagement.
An insider confirmed to 
: "The situation is unfortunate and painful but Nia is focusing on her children and rebuilding her life.
"They are no longer together but remain fully committed to co-parenting their son [Kez]."
 actress also shared with 
 that the split was not easy on her family.
She revealed: "I went home to be with my son, and that was what was most important to me because he was not having an easy time.
"I think the most heartbreaking thing about all of this was seeing my son's face when the Boston Celtics organization decided to make a very private situation public.
"He still has moments where it's not easy for him. No one from the Celtics organization has even called to see if I'm okay, to see if my children are okay.
"The outpouring of love and support from family, friends, and the community during this difficult time means so much to me."
She added: "I ask that my privacy be respected as I process the recent events. 
"Above all, I am a mother and will continue to focus on my children."
In September 2022, it was revealed that Udoka would be benched for the 2022-23 season. 
The decision came after it was determined that he violated the franchise’s code of conduct by having an "improper intimate and consensual relationship with a female member of the team staff," The Athletic's 
 reported. 
“I want to apologize to our players, fans, the entire Celtics organization, and my family for letting them down,” Udoka said in a statement. 
“I am sorry for putting the team in this difficult situation, and I accept the team’s decision. 
"Out of respect for everyone involved, I will have no further comment.”
At this time, the nature of the improper relationship remains unclear. 
Nia and Udoka have one son together named Kez Sunday.
The former pair welcomed Kez on November 6, 2011.
She first announced her pregnancy months before in June and confirmed to reporters at that year's BET Awards: "I almost fainted. It was the best moment and the sweetest surprise ever.
"I was supposed to go to Ghana to do a film and that's when I found out I was pregnant."
Nia is also the mother of an older son named Massai Zhivago Dorsey II, whom she welcomed while in a relationship with actor Massai Z Dorsey.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy