Author: Chloe Morgan
SHOPPERS were quick to jump on the bandwagon and rush down to Primark after the high-street store's £4 gym sets went viral.
And TikToker @ashandchelslifestories was no different.
However, in a 
shared online, she offered a very honest review of the bargain set - and she was 
impressed.
"I saw all the popular gym sets that Primark were selling and they were almost all sold out," she explains.
"So I thought, 'well, I'm a sheep…I want all of the stuff everyone else is raving about."
She goes on to say that for that reason, she purchased the ribbed gym sets for just £4 and headed home to try them on.
Referring to the neon green version, she quips: "I look f***ing hideous!
"I look like Bradley Wiggins. I look like I'm about to do Tour De France.
"This is absolutely disgusting.
"First of all, it's completely see-through. 
"I've put some knickers on and it's completely and utterly see-through.
"Imagine if I didn't have knickers on! "You'd see my entire vagina…
"The top, it was giving full length vest when I got it out of the bag but I've put it on…I look f****ing vile."
She captioned the post: "Primark you have done me so dirty."
The video and since gone down a storm online, receiving over 207,000 views and hundreds of comments.
"DYING," one social media quipped.
A second praised: "Finally a real review! I bought them and I look like a hippo."
A third noted: "Oh gosh …jeez I was looking at them last week, good I didn’t get them."
Meanwhile, a fourth wrote: "It's giving me Dipsy the Teletubbie vibes. 
"God I love you, you MAKE MY LIFE. I'm creasing. 
"Not taking a trip to Primark anytime soon I can tell ya!"
And another agreed: "All I can think of is Dipsy but I love you though."
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 I’m a gypsy girl & never go to the toilet in our caravans, it has a different use
 Multi-millionaire on Rich House Poor House pays broke man £50k a year
&copy