Author: Lucretia Munroe
IT has been a while since This Morning presenter Josie Gibson was head over heels in love.
But after recent social media posts, fans think the 
 luck has finally changed. 
Josie shared pictures in Paris with This Morning cameraman Sam Morter, and in one shot the pair were seen holding hands.
However, it seems like they're not quite in the grips of love, with Josie insisting she's still single in the comments.
After co-star and pal Alison Hammond called them a beautiful couple, and other celeb pals left love heart emojis, Josie wrote: "This has got out of hand.... I'm still single.....I couldn't pull a cracker."
In the series of snaps, Josie treated fans to pictures of her and Sam in front of the Eiffel Tower, including ones of the pair cuddling, laughing and joking.
The presenter first shot to 
 when she appeared on Big Brother.
Josie captioned her first post saying: "Paris virgin on tour!" This was quickly followed by: "In the most romantic city in the world with...@sammorter...gutted."
Fans were quick to speculate, with one saying: "Isn't he a happy chappy."
Another added: "I know this is supposed to be a secret but I'm excited and can't keep it to myself."
In 2019, just four months after giving birth to her son Reggie, Josie 
with the father of her son, Terry.
Things had been brewing for a while, with 
 outside the couple's home, to allegedly avoid helping with night feeds.
Josie claimed things came to a head when they argued over her having too many shoes in the hallway. 
According to the star, Terry, 52, who suffers with OCD, called Josie's bluff of leaving. But that was the last time the pair were together.
Josie revealed in an interview: "I'd never go back now. I need somewhere secure for me and Reg. I never wanted to be a single mother, obviously, but there are things you can't let go".
She added: "So I hope I will smash life as a single mummy. Lots of other women do it."


 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy