Author: Shan Ally
ABBIE Quinnen has revealed what she is looking for in her ideal man after shutting down romance rumours with Love Island's Billy Brown. 
The stunning dancer, who 
 
 last year, said she is looking for a man an honest man who who can make her laugh.
, 25, who confirmed that she is not dating Casa Amor bombshell 
, 23, and explained that the pair had only met a handful of times, said she's been inundated with DMs from hot single men, including a few famous Islanders.
But the model admitted that there is one Islander who she'd steer clear of due to his bad boy reputation. 
Speaking exclusively to The Sun, Abbie said: "I have been on a few dates, I just want someone with a really big personality, kind and who makes me laugh.
"There has been a couple of Islanders that have slid into my DMs...I've had quite a few messages."
When asked if notorious bad boy 
, 26, had dropped her a flirty message, Abbie quickly ruled out any potential romance with the Geordie lad.
"I don't think he's the dating type, I've heard bad things about him," she told us at the European Premiere of Cirque du Soleil's Kurios at Royal Albert Hall.
"I think everyone knows too much, it's going to be difficult for him to get a girlfriend now."
Adam split from Welsh paramedic Paige Thorne last year  after videos emerged of him on a night out with his arms around another woman.
Paige later claimed that she'd 
 of Adam "cheating" on nights out.
During our chat, Abbie set the record straight on her friendship with roofer Billy and said: "No, we're not dating, it's not a thing, we're just really good friends.
"We've only met about three times and on a few nights out - but we're just friends.
"We've never been on a date, he's very good looking, he's gorgeous but I think he's younger and he's living his best single life, he's a lovely guy."
The talented dancer, who was left devastated last year after ex-Strictly star AJ called time on their three year realationship,  said that she is "thriving" since her split.
Abbie was left heartbroken last year 
when she caught him texting another woman.
He quickly moved on with new lady Zara Zoffany after meeting on a reality show - but 
.
The blonde beauty said she and her ex have not been in contact since the split, but admitted she is "loving life" and having more fun than ever.
Abbie told us: "I'm having the best time ever, I'm thriving and I haven't had this much fun in such a long time."
Abbie, who ended up 
 when a “life hack” video went wrong last year, said the pair had been discussing marriage before he ended it “out of the blue”.
Abbie said her recovery is "never-ending" as she revealed that she may need another operation.
Speaking about her progress two years on from the horror accident, Abbie said: "It's still an ongoing thing, I still have to go to hospital every six weeks - it's kind of never-ending at the moment and I find out later this month if I'm having another operation.
"I'm getting better and better and it's so important to show body confidence, even though it was something absolutely terrible that happened, I'm willing to show it off to show how far I've come.
"It's incredible to have the public behind you and everyone who has followed my journey and supported me."  
Last year, Abbie was left heartbroken when AJ ended the relationship on a "park bench".
She said at the time: “AJ isn’t the person I thought he was. After everything I went through with him I thought we would be together for ever. He has been the biggest disappointment to me.
“This has knocked my confidence after my accident and I need to rebuild myself now. AJ was my world and I didn’t recognise the guy who was breaking up with me.”
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy