Author: Ryan Gray
HOLIDAYMAKERS are impressed with "brilliant" "luggage boosting" vests that can carry laptops and tablets, and mean people no longer have to pay for checked baggage.
Airlines make money by charging passengers to bring more than just 
 on board planes.
However, the 
 vest means that people can now use their clothing to carry much more than normal, without having to pay for extra bags.
 has twenty-six concealed pockets, meaning it has plenty of capacity for passengers to take extra items with them.
Seven of the pockets are 
 on the outside of the vest while 19 are strategically placed on the inside.
Among the compartments, it contains two touch-sensitive pockets for smartphones, two large pockets for tablets or 12” laptops and one large compartment to hold 
 of up to 15".
There are also credit card compartments and an earphone routing system so people can listen to music without their headphones getting tangled.
Also on the vest is an elasticated band for securing liquid bottles or fragile equipment.
Don't worry about being thieves - the vest has a pickpocket-proof design to keep valuables safe.
 is even waterproof and windproof so people can carry their belongings and valuables in rain and snow without having to worry about damaging them.
The vest is available 
 for £94.99, where it has an overall rating of 4/5, with more than 80 per cent of reviewers giving it either four or five stars.
It's available in either khaki or black.
Of those who reviewed it, one said: "Totally Brilliant, used it for my flight to Tenerife. Kept everything safe."
Another wrote: "It holds all your paraphernalia with ease. An excellent travelling garment and the iPad pockets are great."
A third added: "
 is a luggage booster. I put all my gadgets within this jacket and I'm not afraid I will lose it."
Another traveller has revealed how she
 without using checked-in luggage.
And a flight attendant has revealed
 that passengers lose on the plane. 
 Inside ‘world’s most beautiful McDonalds’ with stain glass windows & chandelier
 UK seaside town in new Hollywood film is so cool that Americans are moving there
 Why you should always pack a golf ball in your suitcase - even if you don’t play
 The cheap UK break with activities included - for under £100 each a night
&copy