Author: Jennifer Roback
NIKKI Haley made a name for herself while serving as the first female governor of South Carolina. 
She has publicly signaled her intent at running for president in  2024 in public appearances in 2022 and 2023 respectively.
Haley, 50, is an American politician, diplomat, and author who served as the first female governor of 
 from 2011 to 2017.
She was the 
 Ambassador to the United Nations under former President Trump's cabinet from 2017 to 2018.
At the time, she affirmed the US' willingness to use military force in response to further North Korean missile tests in the wake of the 2017-18 North Korea crisis.
She strongly defended Israel at the Security Council and led the effort to withdraw the US from the United Nations Human Rights Council.
Haley voluntarily stepped down from her post in December 2018.
She is married to Ohio native 
, a commissioned officer in the South Carolina Army National Guard.
Haley spoke at a summit hosted by Christians United for Israel in July 2022, where she took aim at Joe Biden's hopes to return to the 2015 Iran nuclear deal. 
“Anything Joe Biden signs will all but guarantee that Iran gets the bomb,” she said, according to 
. 
“No deal is better than a bad deal. And if this president signs any sort of deal, I’ll make you a promise. The next president will shred it on her first day in office.”
Shortly after, she then alluded to a potential 2024 presidential run, stating: "Just saying, sometimes it takes a woman."
She previously stated that she would not run for president in 2024 if 
. 
"I would not run if President Trump ran and I would talk to him about it," Haley told the 
.
"That’s something that we will have a conversation about at some point, if that decision is something that has to be made. But yeah, I would, absolutely."
When asked whether she would support Trump if he ran again, Haley simply responded "yes."
Haley dropped more hints of a presidential bid in an interview that aired on January 19, 2023.
In the interview with Fox News's Bret Baier, she signaled her interest by stating: "When you’re looking at a run for president, you look at two things: You first look at, does the current situation push for new leadership? The second question is, am I that person that could be that new leader?"
She continued: "Yes, we need to go in a new direction. And can I be that leader? Yes, I think I can be that leader." During the interview, she went on to list her achievements and accomplishments during her political career.
In February 2021, Haley issued stunning remarks about Trump, saying she believes he "let us down" with his remarks before the siege on the US Capitol on January 6.
“We need to acknowledge he let us down,” she told 
.
“He went down a path he shouldn’t have, and we shouldn’t have followed him, and we shouldn’t have listened to him. And we can’t let that ever happen again.”
At the time, Haley explained how she had not spoken to Trump since the 
.
“When I tell you I’m angry, it’s an understatement,” she said. adding her disappointment at Trump for condemning his own vice president, Mike Pence.
“I am so disappointed in the fact that [despite] the loyalty and friendship he had with Mike Pence, that he would do that to him. Like, I’m disgusted by it.”
In the days immediately following the attack, Haley said in a speech to 
 National Committee members that Trump was “badly wrong with his words,” at his 
. 
"And it wasn’t just his words. His actions since Election Day will be judged harshly by history."
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy