Author: Maisie Bovingdon
LOOKFANTASTIC never fails to impress with its impressive beauty boxes, and the Valentine's edition is no different. 
Lookfantastic has created a limited edition Valentine’s Day ‘Be Mine’  Beauty Box and it's perfect for gifting to a loved one - or yourself. 
The 
  Beauty Box contains over £171 worth of beauty and skincare products, but it retails for just £55, which means a hefty saving of almost £116. 
The 
 is only available to shop exclusively at Lookfantastic, and for a limited time only - after all, Valentine's Day only comes round once a year. 
This bundle includes nine skincare, bodycare and make-up cosmetics from luxury brands, six of which are full size, and three miniature buys. 
It includes everything from body lotions to fragrances, mascara, blusher, and a leave in hair conditioner. 
Big labels in the beauty business, including Ouai, Honest Beauty and Elemis are included in the bundle. 
Not only is 
 a great way to introduce new products and ingredients into your beauty routine, but also a way to forge a thorough skincare regime from head to toe. 
What we also love is it can put new brands on your radar you may yet to dabble with, but could be a failsafe staple in the long run. 
This kit makes for the perfect gift, whether it is for yourself, or a loved one, a relative or best friend, this will go down a storm. 
So whether you are channelling self love this Valentine's Day, you're showing someone else some TLC, or even want to show  your best friends how much they mean to you on Galentine's Day, this 
 box is the answer. 
Lookfantastic is often launching new beauty boxes, which you may want to subscribe to receive every month so not to miss out. 
Not only do new subscribers get a bargain beauty box for just £13 a month, but you can also claim £10 off beauty boxes. 
Signing up to 
 means you can secure the Valentine's Day be Mine hamper for £45 instead of £55, saving you even more.
Wondered what the 
 and it is a must have
Looking to 
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 Sleep expert reveals how to stay warm at night without putting the heating on
 I’m a gypsy girl & never go to the toilet in our caravans, it has a different use
 Multi-millionaire on Rich House Poor House pays broke man £50k a year
&copy