Author: Jack Figg
CHRIS EUBANK JR and Liam Smith meet in a middleweight clash that is dividing the boxing public.  
The pair of former sparring partners-turned bitter enemies put bragging rights on the line in Manchester.
Eubank, 33, is the odds-on favourite but insiders have warned not to rule out ex-world champion Smith, 34.  
Here, SunSport runs down opinions from inside the boxing world 
Perhaps the man to listen to most is Williams, 30, 
The Welshman lost twice to Smith in 2017 and was dropped four times in a points defeat to Eubank last year.  
But Williams predicted: "I think Smith is going to win. 
"I think it's going to be a great fight nevertheless but I think it's a Smith points win for me."
Retired Groves is another with great insight having spent years sparring Eubank before winning in 2018 while also losing to Smith's brother Callum.  
Groves, 34, told 
: “I've got a Eubank win. If he loses it's his own fault." 
He added: “If he punches with spite and volume, he might even stop Liam Smith, who has been stopped before by Canelo Alvarez who is obviously a pound-for-pound fighter. 
"But he can be hurt, he can be hurt to the body. If Eubank targets the body I think he might stop him.”
Froch, 45, shared sparring rounds with Eubank like his old rival-turned friend Groves.  
And the two former foes are reuniting on the night of the fight, with 
 keeping his cards close to his chest until then.  
He said: "It's one I'm really looking forward to. 
"I'm going to wait until I work the show with my old mate George Groves before I work out who I'm predicting to win."
Brook, 36, 
, also 36, last February but will be ringside awaiting the winner.  
And he said: “I think it’s a good fight. It’s one I’ll definitely be watching. He’s not my cup of tea, Chris Eubank, I think we all know that. 
"I want Liam Smith to win. I believe he will win. I’m basing that on he’s underestimated Liam Smith.
“You know he can punch, Eubank. He’s got a great engine. He’s not the best boxer in the world. It is a good fight."
Khan and Brook do not agree on much, but they are both backing Smith to win.  
He said: “I’ve done some training with Liam Smith, always a hard worker, trains very hard. He was my training partner when I was fighting Canelo. 
"He’s a tough fighter, especially when he puts that attack on you, he’s got great pressure, throws some great shots and hits quite hard. 
"I’ve got Liam winning that fight. Even though a lot of people are going to favour the younger fighter in Chris Eubank Jr, I just feel experience in this case will take hold.”
Taylor, 32, is now training with Smith in Joe McNally's Liverpool gym and unsurprisingly has backed his stable-mate.  
He told 
 "It's a close fight. I see Liam winning, I think Liam on points.  
"Just a much better boxing brain, much better experience, the more well-rounded fighter, much better.  
"But on the other hand you've got Eubank, he's quick, he's quite powerful and he's got a good chin. But his boxing ability lets him down." 
YouTuber-turned crossover boxing 
And he has backed to his old mate to get the job donce once again.  
He said to 
: “Yeah I think Chris is going to win.”
“I think he’s just a different animal. I think he’s hungry. He’s just that suave guy who gets that win every time.”
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Ex-Premier League star throws his 'cheating c*** ex's' stuff across garden
 Southampton and Villa stars FORCED OFF and game delayed after DRONE flies over
&copy