Author: Shan Ally
MARRIED At First Sight star Matt Murray looks unrecognisable a remarkable seven stone lighter.
The barber, 32, who appeared on the second series of the E4 dating show, shared a throwback photo before his body transformation. 
The reality star looked noticeably slimmer and less muscular in the first photo.
 admitted that he had "no direction" when it came to fitness and healthy eating.
The hairdresser - who is in now in a relationship with series one bride Marilyse Corrigan - admitted he previously tried to bulk up by using steroids.
He wrote alongside the photos: "Picture One - No direction in training just 4am runs and a paleo style diet (at my thinnest). Nearly 7 stone lost at this point.
"Picture Two - Years of training and then deciding to hop on steroids... yea I openly admit my use of steroids in the past to better help people understand them. 
"Five years on and off cycles, feeding my ego. Driven for size over health. Eating what ever I could get in me that contained protein."
But after educating himself on the right ways to get fit, Matt said he is pleased with his body now after years of dedicating himself to the gym and sticking to balanced diet. 
He went on: "Picture Three - Most recent. I keep my training plan fun, I eat mostly healthy but don't deny myself some shit food here and there. 
"Do not be mistaken I still train very hard and push my body and mind.
"The plan is always to be functional and fit.
"I want to be able to do pull ups with my grandchildren... I don't want to be the dad in the park sat down on the phone or too unhealthy to play, move, run."
He added: "We all have a motive for every action we make. We boil the kettle to get the feeling from the coffee... We wash the bedding because fresh bedding makes us feel clean... we should take care of ourselves so in turn we feel healthy..
"The key is 'FEELING' everything is for a result no matter how small."
Matt tied the knot with bride Gemma but things quickly headed south and he embarked on an 'affair' with fellow co-star Whitney.
After leaving the show, Matt found love again with former MAFS star Marilyse and they last month revealed that they have have 
The couple confirmed they were an item last year year with a very public display on social media and now, they've hinted at moving in together.
Speaking of the 
new found romance a spokesman said: "Since their holiday their friendship has developed and their relationship has blossomed naturally, they are both extremely happy and are grateful to all the supportive comments they’ve received so far."
They added: "Marilyse knows oh too well how the public reaction can impact the mental health of the men on the show as she saw how it impacted Frankie."
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy