Author: []
The winner of last year’s 
 finished bottom in the public vote after she performed a provocative dance in a “nude” bodysuit to 
.
Tomorrow the 28-year-old will perform in the skate-off as she fights for her place on the 
 show following a 
 to broadcast regulator 
.
A source close to 
 said: “The general feeling among her family and friends is that she has ended up in this situation through absolutely no fault of her own.
“Ekin-Su  was told what track she was skating to, what outfit she would wear and what moves she’d be delivering.
“The feeling is that the performance she gave didn’t go down well with viewers of a show which airs at tea-time on a Sunday night, particularly one which is a favourite with families.
“Obviously ITV bosses felt like a Love Islander used to being on screen in a bikini was a reasonable person to show in such a sexy outfit and routine.
“But the audience for the ITV2 dating show, which always airs after the watershed due to its adult content, is totally different.
“It would have been difficult for Ekin-Su to predict the reaction, but the producers must have had some idea how far they could take things.
“And the feeling was they pushed things too far. The fact that she was at the bottom of the scoreboard shows there was something of a backlash.
“Receiving complaints (from viewers) would have only intensified the feeling — and now she has to skate for her survival on the show tomorrow with that backdrop.
“Ekin-Su has said she has no qualms about the routine, and is putting on a brave face in light of what’s happened this week.
“But those closest to her feel angered on her behalf as they believe that Dancing On Ice has hung her out to dry.”
 looked bewildered when the result of the public vote was announced last Sunday and it was confirmed she would have to perform in the skate-off this week.
Her family in the audience also looked stunned, as did her Italian boyfriend 
 who she won Love Island with last August.
Ekin-Su tried to brush off the complaints to Ofcom about her routine with professional skater 
, saying: “You know what? If you have ’em, flaunt them.
“I mean, if you’ve got a nice bum and you look sexy in a unitard, why not? Who cares?”
, who is of Turkish origin but has lived in 
 and 
 most of her life,  was the fourth celebrity to take to the ice when the show aired between 6.30pm and 8pm last week.
She appeared wearing a sheer, embellished jumpsuit which had gems and mirrors covering her modesty.
It paid homage to the catsuit worn by 
 in the music video to 2014’s Toxic.
As the studio echoed to the sound of lyrics including, “I can’t wait, I need hit, baby give me it,” Brendyn rested Ekin-Su on his shoulders as she shook her cleavage towards the camera.
Shortly after, she was lowered on to the ice where she crawled on all fours towards the camera like a cat, before being pulled back to her feet and blowing a kiss to the audience.
Brendyn then grabbed hold of Ekin-Su’s waist and thigh to hold her in a lift and twirled around the ice for the conclusion of their minute-long routine.
The “ice panel” of judges — 
, 
, 
 and 
 — gave a total score of 21.5, which saw Ekin-Su finish fourth out of six, in front of former EastEnders actress 
 and Liberty X singer 
.
Finishing ahead of her was The Wanted singer 
, 
 favourite 
 and Olympic gymnast 
.
But the all-important viewers were less generous with their votes and Ekin-Su landed in the skate-off.
Tomorrow she will face one of five new celebrities to take to the ice for the first time.
They are former 
, drag artist  
, former footballer 
, comic 
 and Coronation Street’s 
.
Fortunately 
 does not have to perform the same routine as last week. 
ITV has refused to discuss Ekin-Su’s performance, but it is expected to be a toned down number. 
Representatives for Ekin-Su were contacted regarding claims her loved ones were angry about her treatment on the show.
A spokeswoman said: “She’s really enjoying being part of the show and can’t wait to perform again this weekend.”
Since winning Love Island, Ekin-Su has developed a close relationship with ITV bosses. 
As well as 
 she filmed travelogue Homecomings, which aired last autumn, with Davide. 
It is believed she has other ITV projects in the pipeline.
A spokesman for ITV declined to comment.
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy