Author: Lucy Murgatroyd
DANCING On Ice's Darren Harriott has revealed who his biggest competition is ahead of his show debut.
The comedian and dance partner Tippy Packard are due to take to the ice rink this Sunday.
In an exclusive chat with The Sun, 
, 34, has revealed who he thinks is his biggest competition. 
Darren said: "If I was to pick, I would say it’s between Joey, Nile, Vivienne or Carly because I’ve seen them skate probably the most. 
"There’s still people I haven’t seen actually skate! I would say those, because they all have something different. 
"Whether it’s loads of charisma on the ice, confidence on the ice, great skating technique or musicality and ability to sell a routine. 
"I’d say it’s out of those four for me. They’re all great. 
"Also, we’re all the most eager to get on the ice. So that lets me know we all have that in common, so it’s probably those guys."
It's no wonder he's named those celebrities as his main competition. 
Last week
topped the leader board with a very impressive 29.5 out of 40, who was followed by 
with 27 points. 
Meanwhile
 and
 are skating this weekend. 
The funnyman is anxious about stepping out on the ice live on television for the first time, but knows that he'll have his co-stars cheering him on. 
Darren said: "Yeah I’m very nervous but I think everybody did it last week, I watched them all do it last week, all six of them did.
"So I’ve got no choice I’ve got to go out and do it. And they’ll all be supporting me as well. I’m nervous like you wouldn’t believe, but there will be a part of me just before my music hits and we start our routine where I’ll go let’s do this, let’s get it done!"
Despite having lots of experience performing live as a comedian, he finds 
more nerve-wracking. 
He continued: "I'll have less nerves on a tour, I've toured before, I've been doing comedy since I was a teenager.
"You know, you always want to put on a good show and I'm very confident that I will, but I've done comedy most of my life, ice skating is not something I ever even thought I would give a go, let alone do a routine live on ITV every Sunday - what am I doing!?"
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 ITV 'axes' quiz show after first series
&copy