Author: Amanda Castro
ICONIC singer-songwriter David Crosby, who passed away on Thursday at the age of 81, famously remarked that his memorable Dallas arrest 'pretty much saved my life.'
 was detained by Dallas police for felony cocaine possession in the 1980s.
The musician was accused of possessing a .45 caliber semiautomatic weapon, which was concealed inside the green bag next to him. 
Years after this, when Michael Granberry of the Dallas Morning News caught up with Crosby in 2014 at the age of 73, he found him to be a completely different person, per 
. 
He was on his way to the Verizon Theatre in Grand Prairie, Texas, to perform at a Crosby, Stills, and Nash reunion concert with his former bandmates Stephen Stills and Graham Nash. 
Crosby said: "You have to look at it from my point of view. Dallas pretty much saved my life."
He was 81 years old 
.
David Crosby had a musical career spanning decades and appeared in a variety of television series and films.
According to 
, David Crosby had a net worth of approximately $10 million.
Famous musician 
 took to Instagram to share her grief on losing her dear friend David Crosby.
David Crosby was a sperm donor for his friends Melissa Etheridge and her then-partner Julie Cypher.
David Crosby formed the band CPR or also known as Crosby, Pevar & Raymond with Jeff Pevar, and his son James Raymond.
The group released two studio albums and two live albums before breaking up in 2004.
Crosby briefly reunited with both members of CPR under the name Crosby & Friends in 2018.
Beatles legend Ringo Starr took to Twitter to send love to David Crosby's family earlier this afternoon.
He 
, "God bless David Crosby and peace and love to all his family peace and love Ringo"
Attached to the heartfelt post is a picture of Crosby performing.
David Crosby struggled with drug addiction throughout his life until he quit cold turkey while serving a jail sentence.
Doctors diagnosed Crosby with Hepatitis C and the late singer had a liver transplant to survive.
According to the 
, Crosby survived three heart attacks and had eight stents put into his chest.
David Crosby's wife Jan Dance shared a heartfelt post on her Instagram for her late husband. The couple was married for 36 years.
On May 5, 2022, Crosby announced his plans to retire and stop performing live shows.
 inductee confirmed to 
: "It’s because I’m old. I’m too old to do it anymore. I don’t have the stamina, I don’t have the strength.
"Being on a bus tour is a daunting task. It’s very hard. It takes it out of you."
On December 15, 2022, it appeared he began to have a change of heart when he took to Twitter and said: "hmmmmmm….dare I say it? …I think I’m starting yet another band and going back out to play live."
David Crosby was inducted twice into the Rock n Roll Hall of Fame as a member of The Byrds in 1991 and a member of Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young in 1997.
In the mid-1960s, Crosby joined bandmates Roger McGuinn, Gene Clark, Chris Hillman, and Michael Clarke to form the folk-rock band The Byrds.
His time with the group was rocky and he eventually left in 1967 after forming a close bond with Stephen Stills and Graham Nash, creating CS&N in 1968.
David Crosby called heaven "overrated" in a now heartbreaking tweet as fans flood social media to remember 
.
The 81-year-old was responding to a tweet about whether or not tattooed individuals will go to heaven.
A Google search screenshot shared on Twitter reads: "People with tattoos will not go to heaven," and lists other unfortunate groups who apparently won't make the cut.
"I heard the place is overrated.... cloudy," Crosby adamantly said.
The 
 was confirmed by a representative who shared the news with 
.
Musician, songwriter, guitarist, and member of Bruce Springsteen and the E Street Band Nils Lofgren added to the tributes for late singer David Crosby.
Dear Croz,  Rest in Peace and Song, old friend. Much Love and Healing to Jan and Django, from Nils and Amy 
 
 
Besides being a popular musician Crosby appeared on television and on the big screen.
Crosby appeared on The John Larroquette Show, where he played the part of Larroquette's Alcoholics Anonymous sponsor. 
He appeared on an episode of Roseanne as the singer–husband of one of Roseanne's co-workers.
Crosby also appeared in movies including Hook, Backdraft, and Thunderheart.
David Crosby had an illustrious musical career spanning decades. He was part of The Byrds, Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young, and even dabbled in a solo career.
Below are his top five streamed songs on the popular music service Spotify. 
After Crosby had been fired from The Byrds amid escalating musical and personal differences with his bandmates he formed the super band of Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young.
The members included David Crosby, Stephen Stills, Graham Nash, Neil Young, Greg Reeves, and Dallas Taylor.
The band played 16 songs from 3:30 a.m. to 5 a.m. on August 18, 1969.
Although iconic musician Tom Petty passed away in 2017 his official Twitter account tweeted a heartfelt tribute for late singer David Crosby.
The post 
, "Tom counted David Crosby as a friend and a hero. He visited often at his house in the valley. He was funny, provocative and electric with talent. His contribution to music will never be forgotten. Our thoughts and love to his family, bandmates and fans."
Below the touching post is a black-and-white picture of Tom Petty and David Crosby together.
Fans of David Crosby are flocking to Twitter to share their thoughts on the passing of the late singer.
One fan 
, "Rest in Peace. 
 
 Thank you for all your music, kindness and thoughts."
Another 
, "RIP to my favorite musician David Crosby. What an absolute legend, and still making great music at 81."
A third 
, "David Crosby's voice and harmonies are unmistakable. Not to mention he was prickly, opinionated, and brutally honest. An all-around legend."
David Crosby was a member of the 1960/70s rock band Crosby, Stills, Nash, & Young (formerly just Crosby, Stills, & Nash).
The group’s top songs include,
Crosby discovered legendary singer-songwriter 
 in 1967 when he saw her playing at a club in Florida.
He brought Mitchell to California to sign a record deal and even produced her first album, Song to a Seagull. 
Crosby and Mitchell began a romantic relationship while Crosby was still seeing his girlfriend, Christine Hinton. 
He told 
 in 2021 of the scandal, "I’d fallen in love with Christine Hinton, and I wasn’t in love with Joni."
Despite their messy breakup, the two reconnected in 2015 and became friends. 
Crosby's 2019 documentary 
 delves into the deepest moments of his life. 
Crosby took accountability for his estranged relationship with former bandmate, Neil Young. 
He admitted in the trailer that all the guys he used to make music with don't talk to him anymore. 
Crosby also revealed he had "no idea" how he was still alive. 
The documentary also explored Crosby's addiction. 
David Crosby released a documentary in 2019 titled Remember My Name where he recalls some of the defining moments of his life to writer-director Cameron Crowe.
Crowe first met Crosby in 1974 when he was a young reporter for Rolling Stone. 
Crosby told 
 it was important for Crowe to be the interviewer in the doc. 
He stated of Crowe, "He asked me the hardest questions I’ve ever been asked and I answered. I did the one thing that they asked me to do to contribute to this film, which was not lie.”
David Crosby told 
 in a 2019 interview that music was his purpose in life. 
He revealed, “See, it’s dark out here now. The world is not a happy place. Music’s a lifting force. Music makes things better.”
Crosby released music well into his late 70s, including four albums that ranked among the best in his career. 
David Crosby performed with The Lighthouse Band for NPR's Tiny Desk in 2019.
NPR 
 a video of the performance and shared, "When David Crosby performed at the Tiny Desk in 2019, he requested that his microphone be positioned evenly with the rest of his bandmates. 
He said that although though his name is on the band's marquee, there is no hierarchy inside The Lighthouse Band."
Just a day before his passing, David Crosby took to 
 to praise climate activist Greta Thunberg. 
He replied to a photo of Thunberg being arrested at a protest and stated, "She is brave ….nothing less."
Crosby's bandmate Stephen Stills told 
 he was "deeply saddened" by the loss of his fellow musician. 
Stills said, "He was without question a giant of a musician, and his harmonic sensibilities were nothing short of genius.
The glue that held us together as our vocals soared, like Icarus, towards the sun."
He concluded, "I am deeply saddened at his passing and shall miss him beyond measure."
 has taken to 
 to honor his friend and fellow musician David Crosby.
Taylor posted two photos of him with Crosby and wrote, "Missing you already, Croz. Love to Jan… ~ James" 
David Crosby was a sperm donor for his friends 
and her then-partner Julie Cypher. 
Bailey Jean was the couple's first child.
She posted a tribute to her biological father on 
 with a photo of him playing guitar and a caption that read, "Rest easy Croz. Thank you for the tunes, the dimples, and the love 🤍"
Crosby became a sperm donor for the couple again in 1998 and Bailey's brother Beckett was born. 
 in May 2020 at just 21 years old after battling opiate addiction. 
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy