Author: Jamie Downham
BBC News viewers were stunned when an out-of-control camera zoomed past a presenter live on air today.
Host Victoria Valentine was forced to run across the studio to remain in the shot.
She was intending to open the broadcast from the video wall - but the camera had other ideas.
It flew straight past Victoria and headed to the main desk, where there was just an empty chair.
The 
 uses automated “robot” cameras that are not operated by a human for much of its news output.
Today was the latest in a string of blunders from the machines, which have been known to make bizarre decisions live on air.
Victoria opened the bulletin today, saying: "Hello there we start in the Swiss ski resort of Davos."
As the camera zipped past her and started showing empty pieces of the set, she added with a laugh: "You know what? Stay with me. Sometimes this happens."
She then jogged across the studio holding a piece of paper and sat in the chair where the camera had settled, adding: "Just to prove it's live."
Victoria posted about the blunder, which took place during a story about the 
 in Davos, Switzerland.
She tweeted: "Unexpectedly off-piste today for a #Davos story. Bend ze knees & trust (in your director).
"Thank you to the cool heads in the gallery this morning who make recoveries *almost* look like they were scripted all along."
Several followers applauded how she dealt with the situation, with one saying: "Great recovery there! Handled like a true professional!"
Another wrote: "I was watching and you took it all in your stride Victoria. It was a seamless transition. You all did good."
Robot cameras were installed in BBC newsrooms in 2013 and started showing viewers unexpected shots.
One presenter, Martine Croxall, told viewers she was convinced she is “jinxed” after being on air during five blunders, including two in the same week.
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy