Author: Joanne Kavanagh
MAYA Jama really is the gift that keeps on giving and today flashed her abs as she showed off some impressive dance moves.
The stunning presenter, 28, is riding high at the moment as the new host of 
, and was in the mood to celebrate.
Taking to her Instagram, 
 shared a video of her having fun with her friends.
As the music blared in the background, the talented star could be seen showing off her dance moves.
The stylish star looked stunning in a matching white crop top and trousers.
The outfit showed off her gym honed figure and impressive abs.
Meanwhile, earlier this week The Sun revealed how 
 as she looks to cash in on her success with Love Island.
The former Radio 1 DJ is preparing to launch her own range of non- alcoholic beverages.
We revealed how she will be calling the range Cling Cling — after her “Cling Cling muthaf***ers” catchphrase, which has proved a hit with her fans.
A source said: “Maya is preparing to bring out a range of non-alcoholic drinks, hopefully in time for the summer.
“She is a clever businesswoman as well as a great TV presenter.
“
 is great for her brands and the booze-free drinks would be perfect.
“She has her hand in a lot of pies and is cleverly building up her empire.”
Maya — who has more than 2.5million followers on Instagram — has 
 using her Cling Cling saying in the retail world.
In 2019, she launched a range of T-shirts and hoodies with different designs of the slogan — and brought them back the following year with proceeds of the sales going to 
 and to feminist action group Sisters Uncut.
As well as her new drinks range in the works, Maya has also trademarked the word “tringe” for a range of clip-on fringes.
, posting a snap on Instagram a few years back.
The source added: “Given the popularity of Maya’s beauty range of MIJ masks that she launched in 2020, no one would be surprised if she put some money behind a new hair extensions line.”
The Sun exclusively revealed last July that Maya would be the new host of Love Island — 
 in the role.
She presented the opening night of the ITV2 and ITVX show on Monday to a huge fanfare from viewers who hailed her as the “ultimate bombshell”.
Here's your rundown of the 2023 Love Island contestants
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 ITV 'axes' quiz show after first series
&copy