Author: Kara Godfrey
MCDONALD'S is the largest restaurant chain in the world, serving billions of people around the world.
While it may not be associated with being architecturally beautiful, some of the stores are surprisingly stunning.
Many of the restaurants around the world have re-purposed old buildings to keep the original designs.
The first restaurant opened in 
 in 1953 - although the newer designs have certainly come a long way.
With over 38,000 restaurants in the world, the buildings are now varied in design depending on the country.
From an old bank in 
 to a modern glass dome in 
, we've rounded up some of the most beautiful 
 in the world.
Built in 1881, the McDonald's in 
 is found in Bray Town Hall.
The fast food chain took over the ground floor in 1997 - although town meetings are still held on the first floor of the building.
A McDonald's which is regularly voted one of the most beautiful in the world is found in 
.
Previously a 1930s cafe called Cafe Imperial, the building has retained the unique Art Deco stained glass windows, as well as the crystal chandeliers and ornate friezes.
Another fancy McDonald's is in 
 in an old train station.
The building was created in 1877 by the same people who designed the Eiffel Tower - McDonald's opened inside the train station in 1988 as the first in Hungary.
Inside the McDonald's in 
 are the original features of the historical building such as marble columns and a winding grand staircase.
The food is fancier than some of the usual options - alongside the standard Big Mac, they also serve macarons and scones.
Georgia's McDonald's is one of the most modern designs, built in 2013 by architect Giorgi Khmaladze who used 460 glass panels to reflect the water around it.
There is even a fuel station built into the back of the building.
Built inside an 84-year-old home is the McDonald's in Hangzhou city, 
.
The McDonald's was controversial as it was the home of former Taiwanese leader Chiang Ching-kuo, which locals slammed for being disrespectful, although it hasn't stopped thousands of tourists visiting.
One of 
 is found in a marble-column bank.
The original door is no longer in use, although guests can visit from the side entrance.
The McDonald's in 
 doesn't seem like much from the outside, but the interior is definitely the main attraction.
Found in the Plaza Theatre, it was once a 2000-seat cinema in the 1930s before closing in 1977 and becoming a McDonald's with original pieces including gold balustrades and large chandeliers.
Wedged between two other cafes is the McDonald's in 
, originally a restaurant called Au Roi de la Biere - The King of Beer - in 1892.
Now, the skinny building has kept the decoration on the front such as a king holding a pint of beer as well as a stork on the roof and the Strasbourg coat of arms.
A McDonald's that was described 
 can be found in the UK.
Here is what you can expect from the 
 which can be found in Florida.
Don't expect to find a McDonald's everywhere though - some countries have 
.
 Inside ‘world’s most beautiful McDonalds’ with stain glass windows & chandelier
 UK seaside town in new Hollywood film is so cool that Americans are moving there
 Why you should always pack a golf ball in your suitcase - even if you don’t play
 The cheap UK break with activities included - for under £100 each a night
&copy