Author: Georgina Young
ALHAITHAM relies heavily on his Elemental Mastery to increase his damage output as the first swordsman to wield Dendro power.
He’s finally become playable after helping the players through their journey in Sumeru.
He’ll be one of the strongest damage dealers on your team if you are lucky enough to grab him.
Here’s the best way to deck out 
 in 
.
Alhaitham has a signature weapon, 
, which like most signature weapons is the best one for him.
This five-star sword boosts the critical hit rate and grants the Foliar Incision effect when standard attacks deal elemental damage, which Alhaitham’s attacks do.
Foliar Incision also boosts the damage of normal attacks and elemental skills by 120% of the wielder’s elemental mastery.
Here are some alternative weapons for Alhaitham in Genshin Impact:
The artifact set you will want to use will depend on the team you use him with.
A full set of 
 or 
, will provide you with ample elemental mastery and dendro synergy. 
Deepwood Memories is the better option, but if someone on your team is already wearing it, Gilded Dreams isn’t a bad substitution.
You’ll also want the following stat distribution on artifacts for Alhaitham:
Alhaitham works best as your on-field DPS in Hyperbloom and Spread teams, which means that you need to support him with strong off-field characters.
As Alhaitham spends most of his time on the field, you’ll have to manage his Chisel-Light Mirrors well.
Yelan will provide Hydro application and create elemental reactions.
Nahida supports with her elemental mastery, and with Dendro damage from her elemental skills and elemental burst.
Kuki Shinobu will act as a healer and provide Electro for additional reactions.
You can slot different characters in and out of this composition while maintaining its core principles. 
, 
, or 
 are excellent replacements as off-field Hydro appliers.
Yae Miko or 
 can do the same with Electro. Dori is a great option for Electro application and healing. 
Looking for tips and tricks across your favourite consoles and games? We have you covered...
Get all of the latest 
, 
 and other 
 here
 
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy