Author: Keira Clarke
IF you are a bit lost when it comes to the best dupes to buy then listen up because one beauty whizz has given us the answers. 
 recently took to TikTok to reveal the "best drugstore dupes of 2022.”
To kick things off Dacey recommends  Elf's Brightening Pen Concealer as a MUCH cheaper dupe to the iconic Yves Saint Laurent’s Touche Éclat Illuminating Pen.
The Elf Brightening Pen is just £5 compared to YSL's £27 version. 
Dacey then went on to add: “If you're looking for a bit more of a bargain I think the Elf one is the most similar I’ve found from the drugstore.” 
Next up she says Becca's Brighten Undereye Corrector which normally RRPs for £35 is duped by Flower Beauty's Chill Out Smoothing Colour Corrector, which is £8.20. 
Dacey said: “Both of these are creamy and emollient and the peach tones in the product helped negate dark tones in the skin. 
She continued: "So helps darkness under the eyes or even post acne hyperpigmentation.”  
Third in line, Dacey says you can pick up a great dupe to Benefit's Benetint Lip an Cheek Stain, £16, with Ulta's Weightless Water Lip Stain which is almost half the price at just £8.20. 
Dacey said: “I think the tones are very similar, longevity with both of these products is pretty spot on.”
If you a fan of the Victoria Beckham Bitten Lip Tints, Dacey suggests you don't waste £35 and get the Elf Glossy Lip Stains as a dupe instead, and they're only £6.
Dacey said: “Once the glossy finish of the lip product has worn away and faded you are still left with a really nice soft lip stain.”
Dacey’s video gained over 118,000 views. 
Many viewers said they couldn’t live without some of the dupes Dacey listed.
One commenter said: “I have that last Elf Lip Stain and I’m a big fan. It feels so good on your lips!”
A second added: “Wish we had Flower Beauty in Sweden.”
While another fan quipped: “If they ever discontinue the Elf Brightening Pen ima lose it.. its really my go to.”
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 I’m a gypsy girl & never go to the toilet in our caravans, it has a different use
 Multi-millionaire on Rich House Poor House pays broke man £50k a year
&copy