Author: Louis Allwood
DANCING On Ice fans will watch as Ekin-Su faces the dreaded skate-off in tonight's episode as one other star makes history.
Things didn't go well last week for 
winner 
 who will face the dreaded 
skate-off tonight as a set of new celebs make their first appearance on the show.
It comes as one star will make history on the show tonight, becoming the first drag queen to perform on the show.
 first shot to fame after taking the drag world by storm and landing the winning spot on the first season of RuPaul's Drag Race UK.
Since 2016, The Vivienne has appeared on a number of 
shows and films including 
, The Big Fat Quiz Of The Year, 
 and Trump In Tweets.
Welsh drag queen 
 was 
, calling it “a big step forward for queer representation on TV”.
The 30-year-old star – also known as James Lee Williams – 
 of 
 UK in 2019.
Speaking about taking on the challenge 
 said: “This is honestly a dream come true and I can’t wait to start training on the ice.”
Carley Stenson has been prevented from attempting the show's most dangerous move - by her mum.
, 40, who will performing for the first time this weekend, said she "promised" her mum that she would avoid the very risky ice skating move.
Speaking exclusively to The Sun on whether she plans to incorporate the move into her routine , Carley said: "I'm not allowed to me mum said I’m not allowed. No genuinely.
"We’ve said we’re going to try something just as challenging and just as impressive.
"So that’s a lot of homework for Mark. And me mum made me promise."
Since performing last week, 
 about Ekin-Su's racy outfit, but fans have come out in support of Ekin-Su before she returns to the ice, claiming she could win. 
One fan said: "I loved watching you last week, you'll pull this one off this week, keep your chin up," whilst a third said: "I got faith Ekin will come back stronger in skate-off."
This comes as online bookmakers 
 revealed Nile Wilson as the favourite to win this year's series at 5/4, closely followed by Joey Essex at 5/2.
Dancing on Ice is back for week two this evening as a batch of new celebs takes to the ice rink for the first time.
Love Island star Ekin-Su will also take part in the dreaded skate-off as fights for her position on the show.
Dancing on Ice airs at 6:30pm on ITV and ITVX.
The official Dancing on Ice Twitter account has shared a sneak peak at each of the five new celebs preparing for their show debut.
Whoever scores the lowest out the five newcomers will face Ekin-Su in tonight's dreaded skate-off.
New week = five new skating couples ❄️
Sunday, 6:30pm on 
 and 
 ⛸ 
Here are all the scores from a dramatic first episode of Dancing on Ice.
Nile and Olivia: 29.5
Joey and Vanessa: 27
Siva and Klabera: 24
Ekin-Su and Brendyn: 21.5
Patsy and Matt: 21
Michelle and Lucsz: 19
Comedian and Dancing on Ice star Darren Harriott has revealed his nerves ahead of his show debut this evening.
Darren told the Sun: "Yeah I’m very nervous but I think everybody did it last week, I watched them all do it last week, all six of them did.
"So I’ve got no choice I’ve got to go out and do it. And they’ll all be supporting me as well. I’m nervous like you wouldn’t believe, but there will be a part of me just before my music hits and we start our routine where I’ll go let’s do this, let’s get it done!"
He continued: "I'll have less nerves on a tour, I've toured before, I've been doing comedy since I was a teenager.
"You know, you always want to put on a good show and I'm very confident that I will, but I've done comedy most of my life, ice skating is not something I ever even thought I would give a go, let alone do a routine live on ITV every Sunday - what am I doing!?"
Darren Harriott has revealed who thinks will pose the biggest threat to his chances of winning this year's series of Dancing on Ice.
In an exclusive chat with The Sun, 
, 34, explained his excitement ahead of his debut tonight.
Darren said: "If I was to pick, I would say it’s between Joey, Nile, Vivienne or Carly because I’ve seen them skate probably the most.
"There’s still people I haven’t seen actually skate! I would say those, because they all have something different.
"Whether it’s loads of charisma on the ice, confidence on the ice, great skating technique or musicality and ability to sell a routine.
"I’d say it’s out of those four for me. They’re all great.
"Also, we’re all the most eager to get on the ice. So that lets me know we all have that in common, so it’s probably those guys."
Ekin-Su faces the dreaded skate-off tonight as she battles for her Dancing on Ice survival.
But can the Love Island legend do it?
32-year-old 
 professional skater 
 has revealed how viewers can figure out who will make it to the final of the 2023 series
She starred on the 
show between 2018 and 2020.
Speaking exclusively to The Sun, Alex said: “The ones that want to go far… you’ll know from the beginning.
“They’ll want to dedicate themselves to it, you do put your life on hold for a few months.
“Their personal lives and their work lives on hold to dedicate themselves to make the show really good!”
Alex won Dancing On Ice with 
 in 2020.
Online bookmakers 
 has suggested Love Island star Ekin-Su could struggle to make it deep into this year's Dancing on Ice series.
She currently stands at 25/1 to win the show following being dumped into tonight's dreaded skate-off.
Sam Boswell, a spokesperson for BetVictor, said: "“Elsewhere Ekin-Su was a slightly surprise name to end up in the skate off this week. 
"Originally 7/2 to win the show, she is now out to 25/1 and will have to get the better of whoever ends up in the skate off with her next week.”
Olympic gymnast Nile Wilson leads the way as favourite to win Dancing on Ice, online bookmakers 
 has said.
Here are the latest odds:
Sam Boswell, a spokesperson for BetVictor, said: “Our traders always felt Nile had the transferable skills to be a force on the ice and it seems him and his partner Oliva could be tough to beat. We now make them the 5/4 favourite for the series.”
While Ekin-Su is surely busy brushing up on her ice skating skills, she has found the time to share an adorable Twitter post for her man Davide.
She wrote on Twitter: "I really miss my man so much.
"Hurry an come home pls".
The Love Island icons have been apart for a few days as Davide visits pals in Manchester.
Dancing on Ice is back for week two this evening as a batch of new celebs takes to the ice rink for the first time.
Love Island star Ekin-Su will also take part in the dreaded skate-off as fights for her position on the show.
Dancing on Ice airs at 6:30pm on ITV and ITVX.
Here are all the scores from a dramatic first episode of Dancing on Ice.
Nile and Olivia: 29.5
Joey and Vanessa: 27
Siva and Klabera: 24
Ekin-Su and Brendyn: 21.5
Patsy and Matt: 21
Michelle and Lucsz: 19
Joey Essex’s Dancing on Ice partner Vanessa Bauer made a raunchy sex joke during the opening show.
The professional skater couldn’t help but make a cheeky comment about the Towie star in the VT before their performance.
“It would be such a dream to go all the way with you,” Vanessa said.
Joey replied: “Aw that’s cute!”
That’s not the only bit that has indicated that the pair are very close.
In another clip Joey said: “Vanessa is single… I am single, there is going to be a little bit of flirting going on…”
Comedian 
, 34, who is famous for shows including Love Island: Aftersun, has already made headlines with 
.
He 
 while rehearsing with her and was left with whiplash and unable to turn his head or lift one arm.
However, he promised fans a fiery routine when it comes to the live shows branding their partnership “spice on ice”.
Bookies have marked the pair as outsiders to win – but they could surprise us all yet.
32-year-old 
 professional skater 
 has revealed how viewers can figure out who will make it to the final of the 2023 series
She starred on the 
show between 2018 and 2020.
Speaking exclusively to The Sun, Alex said: “The ones that want to go far… you’ll know from the beginning.
“They’ll want to dedicate themselves to it, you do put your life on hold for a few months.
“Their personal lives and their work lives on hold to dedicate themselves to make the show really good!”
Alex won Dancing On Ice with 
 in 2020.
In just a few hours, 
 returns as 6 new celebrities don their skates in a bid to be crowned this year’s champion.
 and 
 return to host the show, casting a watchful eye over over the contestants’ routines.
Here’s a look at this year’s star-studded skaters.
With the show just hours away, many will want to know how to vote each week.
And the good news is there are a number of different ways you can cast your vote and support your favourite celeb.
Before voting it’s important to go on line and verify your number – to do this, click ‘verify your mobile’, and enter your UK mobile number.
Once you receive the passcode (you will receive this via a free text message), enter it on the website.
When a vote is open it will automatically appear on the website. 
You can find more information on how to vote 
.
 stars have a long history on Dancing On Ice with 
, 
 and 
 all appearing.
, 24, who plays Roy Cropper’s niece Nina, said she would be 
She told 
: “I’ll be getting all the tips I can because I’m going to need it!”
Welsh drag queen 
 was 
, calling it “a big step forward for queer representation on TV”.
The 30-year-old star – also known as James Lee Williams – 
 of 
 UK in 2019.
Speaking about taking on the challenge 
 said: “This is honestly a dream come true and I can’t wait to start training on the ice.”
The show has been hit by over a hundred complaints from furious viewers after Ekin-Su skated in a sexy launch night outfit
The Love Island winner dazzled on the ice in a silver and nude catsuit on Sunday night - but it was too much for some.
The broadcasting watchdog received 112 complaints about the daring wardrobe choice.
And it may have played a part in Ekin's shock appearance in the upcoming first dance-off.
The 28-year-old looked incredible in the 
, which showed off her long legs.
The 34-year-old is one of the famous faces taking part in this year's skating competition.
Over the past few months he's been training hard, but there have been a few slip-ups along the way.
Speaking on 
, the comedian revealed all the nasty injuries he's suffered with - and they've helped him grow as a skater.
Darren said: "My biggest fear, I don’t really have it anymore, all my fears are now sort of gone, because I’ve fallen on the ice countless times, I’ve got whiplash, yesterday I sliced my arm open with my partners blade, they had to glue my forearm together.
"What other fears are there! Maybe I fall through the ice? That’s all that’s left.
"Whiplash, there’s a bit of bone sticking out here..."
Friends and family of Ekin-Su Culculoglu say she has been “hung out to dry” by Dancing On Ice bosses after her saucy routine on last week’s show angered viewers.
The winner of last year’s 
 finished bottom in the public vote after she performed a provocative dance in a “nude” bodysuit to 
.
Tomorrow the 28-year-old will perform in the skate-off as she fights for her place on the 
 show following a 
 to broadcast regulator 
.
A source close to 
 said: “The general feeling among her family and friends is that she has ended up in this situation through absolutely no fault of her own.
“Ekin-Su  was told what track she was skating to, what outfit she would wear and what moves she’d be delivering.
“The feeling is that the performance she gave didn’t go down well with viewers of a show which airs at tea-time on a Sunday night, particularly one which is a favourite with families."
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy