Author: Kieran Davies
Scott McTominay, Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Wout Weghorst are all in for United, due to suspensions and injuries.
Arsenal will be out for revenge against United after the Red Devils beat them at Old Trafford back in September.
One thing that is for sure today, United will need to score goals to stand any chance of coming away from London with all three points.
While Rashford leads the way in the goal-scoring charts, it may be time for some the other attacking talent to step up to the plate.
United paid for not putting the game to bed against Palace in their last game, conceding a last-minute equaliser.
For most of this season, rival fans have talked about how Arsenal's time at the top of the Premier League table was only a temporary one.
Now, as the season goes on, it seems more likely the North London side can see this through.
While they have won a lot of games by the odd goal, the stats suggest both teams should have plenty of chances to score today.
One of the big reasons for United's form this season has been down to the performances of Marcus Rashford.
He has scored four and assisted four goals against Arsenal in ten matches.
However, Rashford has failed to score in any of the last 26 league games he has started, although he has scored four times as a substitute during this time.
Prior to their draw midweek against Crystal Palace, United had won nine games on the bounce in all competitions.
A win would make it a sixth on the road for the Red Devils, the other five have all come by a single goal margin.
ten Hag's side are in danger of dropping points in two consecutive league games for the first time since their opening two fixtures of the league campaign.
Arsenal have scored in 17 of their 18 home fixtures this season.
Bukayo Saka is looking to score against United in a third consecutive Premier League game, a feat only ever achieved by Freddie Ljungberg and Thierry Henry.
Gabriel Martinelli has contributed towards 10 goals in his last 10 games at The Emirates, scoring six and assisting four.
22. Heaton, 2. Lindelof, 5. Maguire, 12. Malacia, 17. Fred, 73. Mainoo, 28. Pellistri, 36. Elanga, 49. Garnacho
One change for Erik ten Hag's side with the enforced change with the suspension of Casemiro, Scott McTominay replacing him.
1. de Gea, 29. Wan-Bissaka, 19. Varane, 6. Martinez, 23. Shaw, 14. Eriksen, 39. McTominay, 21. Antony, 8. Fernandes, 10. Rashford, 27. Weghorst
30. Turner, 3. Tierney, 18. Tomiyasu, 16. Holding, 23. Lokonga, 21. Viera, 10. Smith Rowe, 27. Marquinhos, 19. Trossard
Mikel Arteta names the same line-up that got all three points at Tottenham in their last outing.
1. Ramsdale, 4. White, 12. Saliba, 6. Gabriel, 35. Zinchenko, 8. Odegaard, 5. Partey, 34. Xhaka, 7. Saka, 14. Nketiah, 11. Martinelli


This will be the third time Arsenal have hosted Man Utd while top of the table, the two other occasions ended in draws.
Having won five of their six games against the 'top six' this season, The Gunners have not won five games against such opposition since the 2007/08 campaign.
Arteta's side failed to score in their most recent home game against Newcastle, the last time they failed to do so in two consecutive home games was in November 2020.
Despite a dominant 2-0 win against their fierce rivals from North London, where Thomas Partey rattled the woodwork too, the win extended Arsenal's lead at the top to eight points.
After defeat in the Manchester derby, Pep Guardiola's side were keen to get back to winning ways.
That gap has been cut back down to five after City recorded their own win over Spurs, having to come from 2-0 down at half-time to register a 4-2 victory.
Mikel Arteta's side have won five of their past seven home league matches against the Red Devils.
11 of their 17 wins in this fixture have been when the games have taken place on a Sunday.
In their last nine league matches away against Arsenal, United have failed to score on six occasions. 
The Man Utd manager spoke about what Arsenal pose his side this afternoon with their talisman Casemiro:
Last time we beat Arsenal without Casemiro, so we have an idea of how to do it. It’s obvious they are in a really good run, I think they deserve the position where they are now. It’s a really good structure, there’s a really good mentality, winning attitude in the team, and that’s why they are now top of the league. They are in a great run but it is up to us to beat that run and we will do everything to do that.
Aaron Ramsdale was kicked in the back by a supporter at the end of the North London derby after producing a man-of-the-match performance.
The Arsenal keeper came up with a number of crucial saves against Tottenham before being targeted by a spectator, who has since been charged with assault.
A Hugo Lloris own goal and a Martin Odegaard goal were enough to see Arteta’s side to take all three points in the tense derby.
Mikel Arteta’s side have the chance to open up an 11-point gap over Man Utd with victory in front of The Gunner’s faithful this afternoon.
It would see them regain their 8-point gap over second-placed Man City.
They have some vengeance to seek in this one after United inflicted their only defeat of the season in the reverse fixture earlier in the season.
Table-topping Arsenal welcome Man Utd to The Emirates stadium today, looking to seek revenge on the only team to beat them in the Premier League this season.
The Gunners came through the North London derby unscathed, leaving only Gabriel Jesus as their long-term absentee.
Goalkeeper Aaron Ramsdale will be fit for today’s game despite being attacked by a fan at the end of the game against Tottenham.
Reiss Nelson is not likely to be risked as he continues his recovery from a hamstring injury, Mohamed Elneny and Cedric Soares will both need assessing although neither is likely to feature in the starting line-up.
A goal for Bukayo Saka today would see him become only the third Arsenal player to score in three consecutive games against Man Utd, joining football royalty with Freddie Ljunberg and Thierry Henry.
New signing Leandro Trossard was registered before 12pm on Friday, meaning that he is available to make his Gunners debut today.
Casemiro will miss this one for United today after receiving his fifth yellow card of the season for a cynical foul on Wilfried Zaha.
Fred is expected to replace the Brazilian, while Jadon Sancho will miss the game although he has returned to training following injury.
Diogo Dalot and Anthony Martial are doubts and their fitness will be assessed closer to kick-off, while Axel Tuanzebe and Donny van de Beek remain out, but Jack Butland will be back on the bench after being unable to face his parent club.
Should Martial be unable to play, it is likely Wout Weghorst will come into the side, meaning Marcus Rashford dropping out wide.
 Conte 'to quit Spurs at end of season with club not offering him new deal'
 Man Utd Treble winner looks unrecognisable with huge beard as he poses with beer
 Victoria Beckham gets wrapped up in David's coat while watching Romeo
 Defoe dumped partner called Donna and their dog to date wife Donna
&copy