Author: Jon Boon
KOBBIE MAINOO has already been given his Manchester United debut and he could soon be in line for a first Premier League appearance.
The youngster has been named amongst the substitutes on several occasions in the league and he played for the first time in 
Behind the scenes at Carrington there is growing belief the 
 could be the heartbeat of the club's midfield for years to come.
The Stockport-born youngster was a key member of last season's successful FA Youth Cup-winning side, and was rewarded with his first professional contract in May 2022.
This season he has continued to progress for the 
 Under-18's and Under-21's, following that up with 60 minute cameo against Charlton for the senior side.
 has been impressed and is now beginning to integrate the teenager into first-team more often.
Mainoo was part of the squad that went to Spain for a warm-weather training camp and 
matches during the 
 break.
Mainoo began his football at grassroots level with Cheadle & Gatley junior football club.
He was scouted by United aged nine and he worked his way through the youth ranks to establish himself as one of 
In pre-season, 
 caught a glimpse of the playmaker in action against Altrincham.
BBC Manchester commentator Jonny Crowther called him "different class".
Earlier this season, Mainoo scored twice in a thrilling 3-3 draw with 
for the Under-21 team.
While back in August, he had fans purring during a mercurial display against Carlisle in the EFL Trophy.
His vision, anticipation and tackling ability certainly caught the eye.
One fan wrote: "I can watch 17-year-old Kobbie Mainoo's compilations all day. Man Utd have a player on their hands," while another said: "Investing in Kobbie Mainoo stocks now."
A third said: "I watched Kobbie Mainoo vs Carlisle United yesterday. 
 has to include him in the first-team. This is not a joke. 
"He’s a baller. All he needs is the physical strength and forget
. He can do the job simple."
The excitement around Mainoo has seen Ten Hag, known for giving youth a chance at
, take a closer look at the player himself.
He is now a regular fixture in first-team training sessions.
The teenager was first named in a matchday squad for the 0-0 draw against 
back in October.
And Ten Hag explained Mainoo, who has been capped by England's Under-18 team, wasn't there to just make up the numbers.
The Dutch boss told the club's official website: "It's not experience, they [young players] have to deliver. 
"You are here to contribute to the team, to the team's success, and that is why he is here."
With Casemiro unavailable for United's trip to league leaders Arsenal, 
 has been tipped to be named on the bench.
suggest Scott McTominay and Fred could start alongside Christian Eriksen in the midfield with Bruno Fernandes on the right. 
As a result, Mainoo looks set to be the back-up midfield option for the top of the 
clash. 
 Conte 'to quit Spurs at end of season with club not offering him new deal'
 Man Utd Treble winner looks unrecognisable with huge beard as he poses with beer
 Victoria Beckham gets wrapped up in David's coat while watching Romeo
 Defoe dumped partner called Donna and their dog to date wife Donna
&copy