Author: Dan Cain
MICHELLE Keegan looked incredible in a black minidress for a luxury date night in Dubai with husband Mark Wright.
The actress, 35, showed off her toned legs in the eye-catching outfit which she finished with strappy black stilettos and a small red handbag.
Mark, looking smart in a tight-fitting shirt and beige trousers, wrapped an arm around his wife as they smiled at the grand opening of Nobu Dubai at the five star Atlantis, The Royal resort.
The star-studded sake ceremony was hosted by restaurateur and chef Nobu Matsuhisa himself.
He told guests: “Thank you for coming. I’d like to introduce my modest traditions from Japanese culture.
“Today is a very special day. I’d like to celebrate with all of you guys. Enjoy the party!” 
Mark and Michelle certainly looked the part for the occasion as they posed with their backs to a stunning view over the city.
It was a double celebration for the pair, with Mark also celebrating his 36th birthday, and they let their hair down with a few drinks.
Some of the biggest celebs in the world, including Beyonce, Jay-Z and Kendall Jenner, are in the Middle East destination for the grand opening of the new Atlantis hotel this weekend.
Meanwhile Mark and Michelle have been showing off their finished £3.5million mansion.
The pair spent two years building 
 since 2020 and it's now finished and picture perfect.
Mark showed his fans around their master bedroom suite in a new video of the most intimate room in the house. 
He panned around the sprawling bed and the cream furnishings, before using a remote control to pop up a TV.
Mark got in bed as he filmed the lights switching off and the TV appearing in front of him from in front of the bed, blocking the windows and the cream curtains.
"One of our favourite things about our house is the view from our bedroom," Mark penned to his fans. 
"Wasn’t going to block that with a TV, but we need a TV in our bedroom…. So Simon came up with this fantastic idea."
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy