Author: Maisie Bovingdon
GLOSSIER is one our favourite beauty brands, and the moment we get wind of a new launch, we have to have it. 
Speaking of new launches, Glossier has released a new beauty must-have in the form of a four-piece range of deodorants. 
officially launched on 17 January retailing at just £18, and we are wholeheartedly obsessed. 
Shopper's will already know its signature 
 is snapped off the shelves, as it is the iconic scent your nostrils are filled with as soon as you step into a Glossier store. 
Glossier has expanded the scented lines to include 
, and now shoppers can buy a deodorant in the You scent too (as well as other scents) so you can truly douse yourself head to toe in Glossier's You fragrance. 
Glossier's Deodorants come in four variations, an unscented version, You scent, Orange Blossom Neroli, as well as Sandstone, all of which retail for just £18. 
Whilst deodorants are part of everyone's daily routine; whether you are working out, heading to the office to work, anything and everything between, we appreciate a good one, and Glossier's is just that. 
 deliver on all counts, as they smell fantastic and prevent any body odours creeping through, even after the sweatiest gym session - and that includes the unscented version too. 
It glides onto the skin like a soft silky balm, which is ideal for those with sensitive armpits, but it also works to prevent any moisture leaking out and showing on that light coloured top, thanks to the natural formula. 
Glossier's deodorants have been created using natural ingredients such as superfruit elderberry extract and coconut oil for gentle application, while also working to nourish the skin. 
The potato starch absorbs any moisture after a busy day, and magnesium hydroxide works to adjust the pH levels, and absorb any moisture, to leave your underarms dry and your clothes free from pesky sweat stains. 
The label prides itself on being a sustainable and cruelty free brand, and that is carried through to the new drop, as it is free from any nasties, such as aluminium, baking soda, acids and water, which can irritate the delicate armpit area. 
The fun doesn't stop there, as Glossier's innovative launch is dermatologist-tested, so it is safe to use on sensitive skin. 
And best of all it's also refillable, while the packaging is recyclable with 
It is super easy to use, all you have to do is twist the top, and glide one or two swipes of the deodorant under your arm to leave you feeling refreshed, dry and clean.
To refill your deodorant all you have to do is pull out the empty carton, recycle, and attach the new refill into place by pressing it down until it clicks into place. 
To mark Glossier's new launch, the retailer is offering shoppers the chance to get their hands on the 
 as a free gift, but only when you spend over £60. 
Easily done when we add a deodorant, and You perfume to basket - plus a Lash Slick top up, Cloud Paint, and Future Dew. 
Glossier's Deodorants have already gone down a treat with testers, with 96% of those who trialled the product noted their underarms were smoother, nourished and felt clan after use. 
But does it live up to the hype?
For the last few weeks I have been trialling Glossier's deodorant to see if it really lives up to the glowing reports, and it does. 
It is super easy to fit the refill into the device, and easy to use. 
The deodorant glides onto the skin with ease, and doesn't leave any clumps or residue like some competitor roll ons - and no stains on T-shirts, or pesky white marks on clothes either. 
I first trialled the unscented version, which is unlike usual deodorants I usually rely on, and I'm converted. 
It doesn't have any scent, but it also doesn't let any musky smells seep throughout the day either - even after a workout. 
No scent also means it doesn't combine with any body odours to leave an unpleasant concoction of perfume and sweat wafting in its wake.  
Admittedly, I'll find myself getting warm very easily, and was impressed how Glossier's deodorant would keep me dry.
And yes, it does leave your underarms feeling silky smooth after too, and no irritation, even after shaving under my arms.
I'm an avid fan of Glossier's You fragrance, and a fan of sandalwood, which is one ingredient in the Sandstone variation, so I'll be stocking up on all of the scented refills in future.  
Wondered what the 
– and it is a must have
Looking to 
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 I’m a gypsy girl & never go to the toilet in our caravans, it has a different use
 Multi-millionaire on Rich House Poor House pays broke man £50k a year
&copy