Author: []
A COUPLE who’s fourth date was in the delivery room have revealed the “controversial” rules they follow in their relationship.
, 21, and her Tinder beau Max Silvy, 26, took things faster than most when he was her labour partner on their fourth date over a year ago.
Now, the lovebirds have revealed the rules they abide by for a happy home life - including constant location tracking and knowing each other’s passwords.
Alyssa and Max also keep track of each other's 
 and tell each other if they are hanging out with someone of the opposite gender.
Taking to Tik Tok, the mum-of-two asked: “Do you think these are normal or controversial?”
“The rules aren't set rules for our relationship.
“They are just things that we happen to do.”
They track each other’s locations 24/7 through 
 maps but Alyssa assured “we don’t use it to stalk each other” but rather for convenience.
She continued: “A lot of people said ‘what about personal freedom?’ and call it ‘controlling’.
“But we don't use it as a controlling mechanism.
'My partner and I both know each other's phone passwords.
“This isn't all passwords but it's definitely our phones.
'We leave our phones laying around unlocked all the time so neither of us feel the need to ever be suspicious about anything. 
“I guess if we wanted to we could go through the other person’s phone.”
Having a shared bank account also means they can keep tabs on each other’s spending.
Alyssa and Ollie’s other rule is to let the other one know when they’re hanging out with someone of the opposite sex because it’s “courteous”.
Max stepped in to raise Alyssa’s son Ollie after meeting her on Tinder while she was pregnant with the tot.
Speaking about 
 last year, Alyssa - from Brisbane, Australia - said: "He had only gone on three dates with me.
"So the fourth date was him coming to my labour and birth."
"I was about six-and-a-half months pregnant when I went on Tinder, and I clearly stated that on my bio.
"I didn't want to lead anyone on, so I was being open and honest. I wanted them to know what they were getting into right off the bat.
"Max travels a lot for work so we'd only seen each other three times before he ended up coming to my birth."
On the day she gave birth she was supposed to pick Max up from the airport but texted him to let him know her waters had broken so she couldn’t.
Max booked a taxi home to drop his stuff and then went to the hospital to see Alyssa.
The labour lasted for around a week and Alyssa said Max was with her the entire time.
To help Alyssa find her feet, Max took a week off work to be with her as she cared for her newborn.
Their relationship has since gone from strength to strength as the couple welcomed a baby girl named Autumn together on January 19.
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 I’m a gypsy girl & never go to the toilet in our caravans, it has a different use
 Multi-millionaire on Rich House Poor House pays broke man £50k a year
&copy