Author: Kara Godfrey
AN airport in the UK is relaunching scheduled passenger flights for the first time in nearly 20 years.
Swansea Airport has announced a new flight route to and from 
 Airport, launching this year.
The last scheduled passenger flight took off in 2004. 
The 
-Exeter route will launch in March 2023, with hopes for more services later this year.
A statement read: "Scheduled services are back! Swansea Airport are pleased to announce that Scheduled Services will re-launch from Swansea Airport this year. 
"The end of March will see the start of services between Exeter and Swansea, joining the airport with Exeter provides interchange access to airports across the UK as well as the Channel Islands, Ireland and Spain. 
"This is the first step in a long-planned improvement plan for the airport which will see further infrastructure and services 
returning to the airport over the year."
People on social media have been left excited by the announcement, with many saying it is "brilliant" news.
One person wrote: "Flights to Spain from Swansea airport would be amazing."
The 
has just two terminals and two hangers.
Previous flights were operated by Air Wales, flying from the airport to Dublin, Cork and London as well as Jersey and Amsterdam.
These were scrapped after a new £350,000 renovation was needed for the landing lights, leading to the airline owner pulling out all flights.
However, another airport in 
has seen a number of airlines pull out in recent months.
Wizz Air confirmed it is 
 due to "economic pressures".
The Hungarian airline had originally planned eight services for summer 2023, with destinations including Spain, Greece and Portugal, although these will no longer go ahead.
Wizz Air currently operates 
flights to Milan and Bucharest, although these will end by January 25.
And David Bryon, ex-director of 
 Baby which ceased operations in 2012, said airports like Cardiff Airport also face having more airlines pull out.
However, Mr Bryon told the 
: "Nobody in their right mind would look at investing in the airport as an infrastructure.!
He claimed it's location was an issue as it was along the coastline of 
, meaning the number of nearby passengers was far lower than more central UK airports.
Mr Bryon also warned that more UK airports could close down.
It comes just months after 
 in October 2022 after airline Wizz Air ceased operations.
 Inside ‘world’s most beautiful McDonalds’ with stain glass windows & chandelier
 UK seaside town in new Hollywood film is so cool that Americans are moving there
 Why you should always pack a golf ball in your suitcase - even if you don’t play
 The cheap UK break with activities included - for under £100 each a night
&copy