Author: Dan Cain
LOVED Island superfans claim they know who new bombshell Aaron will pursue after doing some research.
, and fellow bombshell Jessie Wynter, are no stranger to the format having already starred in the show Down Under.
It's by watching his antics in that villa, that viewers think they have him sussed.
They predict it's a foregone conclusion he will couple with 
 at the first opportunity.
One wrote on a Love Island forum: "I just recently watched season 3 of love island which is the one Aaron was on and he turned down a girl on the first day for not being blonde, so he’s 100 percent going to go after Lana."
Another said: "I remember him. He told her she'd be more attractive if she dyed her hair. I think the girl he ended up liking also looked like Lana and they had the same vibe."
A third posted: "Aaron was from AUS S3 and was coupled up with Jess most of the time, a petite blonde and the only other girl he expressed attraction towards was Eliza, another petite blonde. So he's 100% going for Lana."
The fan added that while Aaron gives off nice guy vibes and remained faithful in Casa Amor, the pair's romance ended very soon after the series finished.
At the end of last night's episode it was revealed
from the Australian version of the show will be heading in, ready to cause some serious chaos – leaving viewers in shock.
Speaking about how he will do things differently this time, he said: “When I was in the Love Island Australia Villa, I didn’t open myself up to other opportunities that I could’ve possibly had.
“This time round I want to be testing the waters by being open-minded and giving everyone a chance.”
Jessie, 26, became a villa legend with her drama and one-liners during her time  on the show and coupled up with four different men.
She said about doing the show: “I’m single and have been for quite some time! I’m very lucky to live the life I lead, but it does get a bit lonely.
“All of my friends are settling down, and it’s time for me to do the same. The last time I had a relationship, it was in the Love Island Australia Villa - so let’s go!”
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy