Author: Sarah Grealish
PRINCE Harry has reportedly scored another £16million for his book after already scooping £109million in his deals with Spotify and Netflix.
The Duke and 
 took a financial hit upon leaving royal family, but their net worth has rebounded with several media mega-deals.
Here we take a look at all the lucrative deals that have kept the couple in the money since leaving the firm...
It’s thought the duke and duchess signed a four-book deal with Penguin Random House for £16million, reports 
In the UK a whopping 750,000 copies of Spare have been sold since its publication on January 10.
Harry paid ghostwriter JJ Moehringer $1million for the book.
So far he has given away £1.2million of the proceeds to charity.
He has been met with silence from the 
 since publishing his memoir.
The book includes revelations of a “fight” with 
, rows between Meghan and 
 and private conversations with his father after the deaths of 
 and 
.
He claims to want reconciliation and is asking for private conversations with his father and brother.
 and 
 families have made it clear Harry is not welcome at the Coronation.
They fear what they say could be used in his next book.
Meghan and Harry were dealt a £18million deal with Spotify back in 2020.
But in January 2022, 
 as content from the couple failed to materialise.
Initially, a "full-scale" launch of shows was promised in 2021. However, the year came and went without any further update.
Bosses then stepped in and began recruiting in-house staff to help.
In 2022 Meghan launched her own show, Archetypes -  looking into labels and stereotypes "that try to hold women back".
So far Harry and Meghan's 
, featuring celebrity pals Elton John and James Corden.
It is not clear if or when Archetypes will return for a second series.
Meghan and Harry raked in £88million for their six hour-long episodes on Netflix.
The first episode of the six-parter was watched by 2.4 million people on TV sets in the UK, according to Broadcasters’ Audience Research Board (BARB) figures.
The second instalment had 1.5 million viewers while the third was seen by 800,000.
The figures were more than double those drawn by the first episode controversial royal drama 
, watched by 1.1 million on its first day.
The couple told the world of their “modern fairytale” of a “prince and an actress” — where in the end “love wins”.
A source claims beyond the current docuseries and the already-filmed programme on Harry’s Invictus Games, there won’t be any more productions.
An earlier planned one for a children's show devised by Meghan was dropped earlier this year.
In 1994, 
 put away around £19million into a trust fund for her great grandchildren - which obviously includes 
 and Harry.
According to The Guardian, the 
 and Harry took the majority of the money to "compensate for not becoming sovereign".
And it's only going to get better for the men as when they reach 40 they reportedly get to split another £8million, but the other grandchildren, including 
 and 
 will get a few million pounds each.
As well as funds coming in from their great grandmother, 
 reported that 
 left her boys nearly £8million after taxes.
It was also set up that once Wills and Harry were 25 they started to receive around £340,000 a year.
When Harry was a full-time working royal, he received an annual allowance from his dad.
In 2018, 
 paid £4.9million to Harry, William and their partners from the Duchy.
However, since Harry and Meghan 
 from being senior royals, they have been financially cut off.
Before she tied the knot with Harry, 
 was worth an estimated £3.5million, thanks to her role in American drama 
.
She pocketed a reported £500,000 pay-check for her role as Rachel Zane in legal drama Suits.
Marriage to a royal has certainly boosted her finances though – and her assets: she now has a 91-piece jewellery collection worth £600,000.
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 I’m a gypsy girl & never go to the toilet in our caravans, it has a different use
 Multi-millionaire on Rich House Poor House pays broke man £50k a year
&copy