Author: Abigail Wilson
Ella, known on 
 as ‘
’, has 963k followers and 22.3million likes on the video sharing platform and regularly shares her “dumpster dive” 
.
The young woman often searches through huge bins outside department stores to see what she can spot and shares her amazing finds with her social media followers. 
In one of her recent videos, Ella went rooting through a huge bin outside an American Claire’s Accessories store. 
Luckily for Ella, she was able to bag a huge amount of children’s 
 and jewellery products, many of which were unopened and unused. 
Ella posted her clip to the video sharing platform with the caption ‘Claire’s throws away so much..’
She said: “Ok I’m dumpster diving at the mall and I found a bag from Claire’s and it has a bunch of kid’s make-up and a bunch of little toys and necklaces.
“I’m going to take a look and see what they have.
“I’m finding a bunch of earrings.
“That’s crazy, this is what Claire’s throws away - they threw away a bunch of make-up and toys.
“There’s a bunch of earrings and jewellery.
“Here are all the palettes opened up, some are broken but a lot of them still have plastic seals over them.” 
Ella layed out all of the items that she managed to get her hands on - not only were there headbands, bracelets and Sterling Silver earrings, but there was a huge variety of different eyeshadow palettes too. 
Ella’s video has clearly impressed many, as it has quickly gone viral and has racked up a whopping 2.7million views.
It has 338.4k likes, 1,681 comments and 1,064 shares.
TikTok users were stunned at Ella’s finds and were eager to go searching through bins too. 
One person said: “I want to go dumpster diving.” 
Another added: “My little cousin would have loved that stuff.”
A third commented: “That's worth so much, good raid.” 
Whilst someone else noted: “You should clean them really good and then sell them if you can!!”
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 Sleep expert reveals how to stay warm at night without putting the heating on
 I worked at Tesco and there’s a reason we always try to talk to you at the tills
&copy