Author: Lucy Murgatroyd
DANCING On Ice star Nile Wilson has opened up about the suicidal thoughts he had after suffering a series of injuries.
The 26-year-old is one of the famous faces taking part in this year's series of the ITV show. 
is a former British gymnast who won bronze at the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro. 
The sports star suffered with his mental health after a neck injury in 2019, which meant that he went into retirement the following year, when he was just 24. 
Before his neck surgery, Nile turned to booze to cope.
Previously speaking the Priory Group podcast Sporting Highs and Lows, Nile said: "I just kept drinking pretty much for two weeks straight until I had the surgery."
He added that his mental health "deteriorated" after as he couldn't return to what he loves doing. 
Things were made worse when they realised there were complications after his surgery.
Nile explained that this took a "horrendous" toll on his well-being. 
The Olympian made the decision to retire as his "body just couldn't keep up". 
Back in October it was revealed that 
There has only been one episode and fans are already convinced they know who's going to lift the trophy Nile.
The Olympic bronze-winning gymnast went straight to the top spot with 29.5 out of a possible 40 with his first performance to Harry Styles track, Sign Of The Times.
During the performance, he impressed with tricky jumps and lifts, leaving fans stunned with his skills after just a few months of training.
As a result, he's already being declared a winner in the eyes of the public.
"WHAT A FANTASTIC PERFORMANCE FROM NILE WILSON ON DANCING ON ICE HE'S MY FAVOURITE & MY WINNER," one fan wrote.
"Wow @ Nile's performance. Potential winner!" said another, while a third simply wrote: "There's your winner. Nile"
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy