Author: Ryan Gray
A WEDDING planner has revealed the common passport mistake newlyweds make that ruins their honeymoons.
 are sometimes the most luxurious holidays people ever get to go on, but the trips can be ruined before the happy couple even get to the airport.
Those setting off on their special post-wedding trips have been warned not to overlook a 
 when booking flights that could prevent them from getting on the plane.
Wedding planner Victoria Presley (
) said that brides will regularly book their trips under their new surnames, while their passports will still have their maiden names on them.
This will either have to be changed last minute and be very expensive, or could stop brides 
 with their new partners altogether.
Victoria warned never to change surnames until after the honeymoon and also said not changing surnames at all was an even easier way around the problem.
In 
, she said: "Do not, I repeat, do not, change your last name until after your honeymoon.
"You don't have to change your name at all."
One couple 
 and rebook their trip because the bride took her new husband’s name after the wedding.
Brendan and Julia Widdowson had been looking forward to their 
, but were forced to cancel it right at the last minute.
The 28-year-old couple tied the knot at a winery and were set to take off on the trip of a lifetime through 
, Montenegro and Albania.
But because the airline insisted on a name change they was told their only option was to cancel the reservation and re-book.
Brendan said: “We thought it would be a simple process, and we may incur a small fee, to 
 on the ticket.”
But when he contacted Virgin 
 customer service name to change his new wife’s reservation from Wallis to Widdowson, he was told their only option was to cancel the reservation and book again.
Brendan said: “We were also told that the availability of flights could not be guaranteed and that if we were to re-book, we would need to do so at the current rate of £5,000.
“Furthermore, we were told that we would incur a cancellation fee.”
Brits are also being warned to apply for their new passports now - or risk being left out of pocket.
applications are increasing in price next month - the first time in five years.
It currently costs £75.50 for a standard online application for an adult passport.
This is 
 - an extra £7 per person.
Kids' passport applications are going up by nearly £5, going from £49 to £53.50.
Postal applications - which are more expensive than online - are also going up in price.
The new costs will be enforced from February 2.
The government website said the new price was to contribute to "lost or stolen passports and the cost of processing British citizens and UK borders" although said the government makes no profit from passport fees.
Holidaymakers are also being 
which could lead to huge passport application delays.
Last year, due to a boom in applications after Covid, the government advised leaving 10 weeks to get it back, with 
.
 Inside ‘world’s most beautiful McDonalds’ with stain glass windows & chandelier
 Why you should always pack a golf ball in your suitcase - even if you don’t play
 UK seaside town in new Hollywood film is so cool that Americans are moving there
 The cheap UK break with activities included - for under £100 each a night
&copy