Author: Jack Figg
LIAM SMITH beat Chris Eubank Jr with a STUNNING shot in the fourth round which saw the Brighton man hit the canvas and lose for a third time in his career.
Eubank Jr had a promising third round with some well-paced shots, but Smith completely rocked his opponent in 
And fans could be instore for a part two after both fighters hinted that they'll be a rematch.
 and David Haye were also ringside in Manchester for this big bout at the AO Arena.
Conor Benn and dad Nigel mocked Chris Eubank Jr over his four-round KO against Liam Smith.
And the younger Benn reckons he'd have finished Eubank off twice as quickly.
Benn smiled at the camera before asking his father for his verdcit.
The unbeaten 26-year-old posted on 
: "What you saying dad? Wouldn't have gone past two would it."  
Nigel responded by giggling and fist-bumping the air.
further put the boot in on Twitter: "Oh man, ChrisEubankJr it’s a good job you didn’t fight me. You’d last two rounds at 160."
Chris Eubank Jr pulled out the excuses and claimed he is still a better fighter than Liam Smith despite being knocked out in the fourth round of their clash.
The close encounter was ended in devastating fashion by Smith who rocked 
 with a big shot.
The Brit hit the canvas but got back up before 
, leading the ref to call a halt to proceedings.
Despite the defeat Eubank still believes he is a better fighter and explained a slip caused his second fall.
The 33-year-old also spoke about only fighting at "50 per cent", and used that as an excuse for his poor performance.
Eubank told Sky Sports: "I was dominating the fight and then I got caught. In my mind, I'm still the better fighter.
"Obviously I wouldn't have much of an argument after a loss, but I have an argument to prove I'm the better fighter.
"He caught me with a once-in-a-lifetime shot. I feel like I was dominating the fight before that happened.
"Liam came at me again, threw a bunch more punches, I slipped and then the referee stopped it."
Liam Smith insists any any re-match with Chris Eubank Jr would be in his home city Liverpool.
Eubank hinted on social media he'd activate his option for a revenge bid after his fourth-round stoppage in Manchester.
But Smith said: "This has to be right for me now, on my terms."
And he clarified that means in Liverpool - plus a better financial package for him.
Chris Eubank had this classy message to Liam Smith after watching 'Beefy' dismantle his son in the ring last night. 
Conor Benn has taunted his old rival Chris Eubank Jr after he was defeated by Liam Smith last night. 
Benn was set to face Eubank Jr, who controversially changed weight division, in October before failing a drug test.
Following the fight, Benn tweeted: "Oh man, Chris Eubank Jr, it's a good job you didn't fight me. 
"You'd last two rounds at 160."
Chris Eubank Jr believed he could have marched on despite being downed twice by Liam Smith in the fourth round. 
The referee stopped the contest after an onslaught from Smith.
And Eubank told Sky Sports: "I wouldn't even say [it was a tough night]. I was having fun, I was landing my shots, I was enjoying the moment. And he caught me with a once in a lifetime shot.
"I got up, I recovered, he put it on me again, a few more shots, and the referee decided that it was enough. 
"I felt like I could go on, I felt like I was aware of what was happening, but it's the referee's decision and I have to respect it."
This was Gary Neville's hilarious jab at Sky Sports colleague Jamie Carragher, who was pictured as part of Liam Smith's entourage. 
It was bubbling along nicely in the first three rounds between Chris Eubank Jr and Liam Smith. 
The pair were exchanging jabs and it was clear the fight would explode into life at some point. 
Then came the fourth round when Liam Smith took destiny into his own hands and pummelled a stunned Eubank Jr.
Heavyweight star Tyson Fury was among the crowd at the Manchester arena last night. 
The Gypsy King watched his good friend Joseph Park slug his way through an undercard win over Jack Massey before turning his eyes to the main event. 
It could be a big 2023 for Fury who wants a huge undisputed heavyweight clash with Oleksandr Usyk. 
Liam Smith was the heavy underdog heading into last night's bout but emerged victorious and with his reputation enhanced. 
The Liverpudlian stunned Chris Eubank Jr in the fourth-round with a non-stop onslaught which left the 33-year-old floored twice. 
It had been a difficult week for Smith who 
 after his ill-judged jibes at Eubank in a heated pre-fight press conference.
But he wakes up today having won his last four fights and with the potential of a high-profile clash against Gennady Golovkin now suddenly on the cards. 
It was a big night on the undercard as Richard Riakporhe once again proved his credentials - and called out some of his rivals. 
The British boxer is a rising star in the cruiserweight division and blew away opponent Krzysztof Glowacki in four rounds last night. 
Now the Londoner is aiming for a huge fight as he continues to build his reputation. 
The Midnight Train told Sky Sports Box Office after the fight: "Next stop all the champions. Jai Opetaia, I know you're watching this. Trust me, we're coming for you.
"[Ilunga] Makabu, you lot can't run no more. [Lawrence] Okolie, [Arsen] Goulamirian, I know all of you lot and I think about you every day when I go to sleep."
Liam Smith's huge win last night at the Manchester Arena has opened the door to some tasty potential clashes. 
The Liverpudlian has revealed he would be open to a rematch with Chris Eubank Jr - but also has other ideas. 
He said: "I've got good options, I'm in a good position.
"If [Eubank] wants that rematch, I'll give it to him. I'm open to anything, I always have been. If it's Chris next, it's Chris next.
"Ben Shalom (from Smith's promoter Boxxer) said Kell [Brook] wants to fight the winner. That's a huge fight. There's talk of [Gennady] Golovkin. We're in a good position."
Liam Smith's TKO on Chris Eubank Jr puts him in the list of very few men to beat the son of boxing icon Chris Eubank Sr.
Eubank Jr has a total of 32 wins since becoming a boxing professional.
And has only lost three fights including last night's shocking defeat to Smith. 
Chris Eubank Jr has taking to social media to congratulate Liam Smith following his defeat last night and he hinted at a possible rematch.
Eubank Jr tweeted: "Congratulations to Liam tonight, nice lil shot you caught me with there my boy.
"Felt like I could of kept going but referee is in charge & I respect his decision.
"We'll get it on again soon."
Chris Eubank Jr faces a daunting rematch against Liam Smith at Anfield - in a fight that could make or break his career.
Eubank has a rematch clause in his contract should he wish to exercise it and could even do so behind enemy lines.
He said: "If the fans want to see a rematch then we can get it on at Anfield."
Smith teased taking the sequel back home to Merseyside having come up in weight to beat Eubank.
He said: "If Chris wants the rematch we can do that on my terms.
“I agreed to the rematch clause beforehand so we can see, I can beat all the best fights at 160lbs and 154lbs.”
Liam Smith has set his sights on Kell Brook and Gennady Golovkin Jr after sensationally knocking out Chris Eubank Jr. 
Smith said: "I'm open to anything, I always have been. You can ask anyone who's ever dealt with me over the years, I'm not hard to deal with.  
"But if it's Chris next it's Chris next, if not I'll sit down and I've got very good options.  
"Ben [Shalom] said Kell wants to fight the winner, that's a huge fight. I know there's talks of Golovkin.  
"So I'm in a good position now at 160 as well as 154, so a win today was all that matters."  
Chris Eubank Jr was mocked by Conor Benn and Billy Joe Saunders as they twisted the knife in following shock defeat to Liam Smith.  
Benn came out swinging in reaction to Eubank's brutal loss to Smith.  
He said with a smirk to father Nigel: "What you saying dad? Wouldn't have gone past two would it."
Saunders took the chance to aim a dig at Eubank, who claimed he could beat Smith at 50 per cent of his ability.  
He posted a series of laughing face emojis with the caption: "50%." 
Carl Froch questioned where Chris Eubank Jr's career will go now following brutal defeat to Liam Smith.  
He said on Sky Box Office: “Where does he go from here? That could be curtains on his career.
“And I don’t want to say he should retire now but that was a bad defeat. I just think, where does he go now?
“He’s in against a naturally smaller guy and he looked badly hurt.
“I don’t think he’ll retire but where does he go now at middleweight or super-middleweight?”
Eubank wanted to bravely carry on fighting after being brutally put down twice by Liam Smith.  
Smith became the first man to ever send Eubank to the canvas in the middleweight's professional career.  
The fourth-round onslaught continued as Eubank was bundled to the canvas as he struggled to keep his footing.  
He once more amazingly made it back to his feet on unsteady legs but the referee had no choice but to wave it off.  
Trainer Roy Jones Jr was ready to throw the towel in but Eubank somehow wanted to carry on going.  
He even rushed over to Smith, refusing to believe the bout had ended and had to be held back by opposing coach Joe McNally.  
When Eubank, 33, cleared his head, he congratulated Smith, 34, but insisted he wanted to fight on.  
He said: "Big congratulations to him, I felt like I could have gone on but he caught me with a great shot." 
Chris Eubank Sr has also thrown his congratulations over to the victorious Liam Smith.  
He tweeted: "Congratulations @liambeefysmith.
"I’ve never once seen Chris Jr even buckle in a fight, so big respect to you, your team and your future." 
The middleweight has broken his social media silience after defeat to congratulate Smith.  
Eubank tweeted: "Congratulations to Liam tonight, nice lil shot you caught me with there my boy. 
"Felt like I could of kept going but referee is in charge & I respect his decision. We’ll get it on again soon." 
Carl Froch has questioned what Chris Eubank Jr will do now after defeat. 
He said: "Where does he go from here? That could be curtains on his career.  
"And I don't want to say he should retire now but that was a bad defeat. I just think, where does he go now? 
"He's in against a naturally smaller guy and he looked badly hurt. 
"I don't think he'll retire but where does he go now at middleweight or super-middleweight?"  
He said: “This is the best atmosphere I have ever felt. I said all week that Chris was kidding people about his chin.
“I knew I could hurt him, I knew I was the bigger puncher and that’s a fact. If Chris wants the rematch we can do that on my terms.
“I agreed to the rematch clause beforehand so we can see, I can beat all the best fights at 160lbs and 154lbs.”
Conor Benn has stuck the knife in by claiming he would have beaten Eubank even quicker.  
He tweeted: "Oh man, @ChrisEubankJr it’s a good job you didn’t fight me. You’d last two rounds at 160."
Benn was set to fight Eubank in August until he failed pre-fight drug tests and is fighting to clear his name.  
Eubank has a rematch clause in his contract, if he wants to take it.  
And he is even willing to do it in enemy territory at Smith's backyard of Anfield.  
He said: "If the fans want to see a rematch, we can get it on at Anfield." 
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Eubank Jr left with horrifically swollen eye after Smith demolition
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Ex-Premier League star throws his 'cheating c*** ex's' stuff across garden
&copy