Author: Joanne Kavanagh
STRICTLY Come Dancing star Ola Jordan today looked unrecognisable after her three and a half stone weight loss.
The professional dancer and her husband 
, have been showing off their new enviable figures after releasing an exercise programme after gaining a collective 7 stone.
, shed an impressive 3.5 stone in the past few months, after piling on the pounds following the birth of her daughter.
The mother-of-one has been busy showing off her abs and toned body following her dramatic transformation. 
Taking to Instagram proud husband James shared a before and after picture of her in a Calvin Klein underwear set. 
The left snap showed Ola with a fuller figure, while the right photo sees her wearing the same bra and knickers, but this time slimmed down.
James wrote next to the incredible transformation photos: "Can’t say these were ever my favourite items in Ola’s wardrobe - but she’s starting to make me think twice!🤣
And what amazing motivation for anyone wanting to get in shape. If that sound like you, why not join our Dance Shred gang."
Earlier this month,  couple showed viewers their weight loss on 
 and 
The Strictly favourites shed more than 7st which they gained between them after 
, now two.
They caused a shock when they revealed they had piled on the pounds last year and gained what they called "mum and dad bods".
Ola went from a size eight to a size 12-14, weighing in at 11st 9lb, which she says happened after she gave up training and lived on junk food.
Speaking to host Lorraine Kelly, Ola said: "I really wasn't myself. I had never felt like that.
"The turning point came when I didn't want to go out. I didn't want to dress myself. So I stayed in and drank a glass of wine."
Ola looked ready to cry as she said: "I really wasn't myself Lorraine."
They've released
and with the help of celeb dietician Jo Travers and nutritionist Amanda Ursell. 
The pair have devised a diet where they eat calorie-controlled breakfasts, lunches and dinners and two daily snacks.
The weight began dropping off after they started the diet in July and within two weeks 5ft 11in James was 10lb lighter, while 5ft 3in Ola had dropped 1st 2lb.
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy