Author: Amir Razavi
MINISTERS have blown a huge £20million deploying the Royal Navy to try and halt the growing Channel small boats crisis.
Taxpayers have stumped up £87,097 daily, £535 a migrant, under Operation Isotrope.
 vessels were first deployed to assist Border Force last April by 
, who said it would mean “no boat makes it to the UK undetected”. 
But a record 
 reached Britain by small boat last year — of which 38,881 came after the Navy were on patrol.
A FOI request by The Sun on Sunday found it had cost the 
 £20.8million so far — with the final bill, when operations revert to the 
 at the end of the month, set to rise further.
 MP 
 said: “This huge cost yet again underlines the importance of bringing this small boats crisis to an end.”
"I hope we see real progress on this in the upcoming summit between the Prime Minister and 
.”
Lucy Moreton, of the Borders, 
 and Customs Union, said: "We knew from December 2018 that irregular migration was here to stay. We knew from January 2022 that we would see a projected 60,000 migrants.
"It was known, but it was not planned for, and that is what has caused the waste of money."
A Government statement said: “The continued rise in dangerous Channel crossings, driven by global migration and organised 
, is putting an unprecedented strain on our asylum system and lives at risk.
“That is why we will do whatever it takes to control our borders and ensure the only people who come here do so through safe and legal routes.
“Under military primacy, improvements have been made to intercept more unsafe small boats before they reach the UK.
"We will continue to use every tool at our disposal to stop the boats and break the evil people smugglers’ business model.”
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy