Author: Tony Robertson
CHELSEA have confirmed the signing of Noni Madueke after posting a cryptic tweet to tease the announcement.
 have completed a £35million move for the 
 winger, taking their amazing January spending spree to £189million.
With the Englishman's arrival, 
 until the end of the season this month.
And Chelsea's social media team have gotten more creative with their announcements - such is there frequency - that they announced him initially by simply posting a tweet that read: "Link in bio. 👀"
From there, the link in the club's Twitter profile would take fans to Madueke's Instagram page. 
On Chelsea's website, a statement announcing the deal said: "Noni Madueke has joined Chelsea on a permanent deal from PSV Eindhoven.
"The England youth international – one of the most exciting young talents across Europe - has penned a seven-and-a-half-year contract, with a club option to extend for a further year, to seal his move from the Eredivisie high-flyers.
"Madueke, a left-footed right winger, becomes our second addition of the week as he follows Mykhailo Mudryk through the doors at Stamford Bridge."
On his transfer, Madueke said: "I’m really pleased to sign with one of the best clubs in the world in Chelsea,’ Madueke said on finalising his transfer.
"To return to England and play in the Premier League is a dream for me and my family and I can’t wait to get started. 
"I am excited for what the future holds, the owner's vision for the future and to be at a club like this and winning at the highest level."
Madueke scored 20 goals and added 14 assists in his time at PSV, but just one of those has come this season as he was coming back off of an ankle injury.
He also outperformed his Expected Goals in 2020/21 season by a value of 2.1, meaning he scored far more than the average striker would have given the same chances.
Earlier today, PSV boss and ex-Manchester United ace 
d Madueke was on his way to the Blues. 
He said: "It's a mix of emotions.
"We are losing a good player because of his departure. There was no turning back and there was solid financial compensation.
"I can empathise with the importance of the club. Given the circumstances, with the financial compensation, we have decided to sell."
The £30m deal for the 20-year-old checks off another target from 
. 
The club failed in a bid for Enzo Fernandez earlier in the window, but rather than deter them, they have simply switched targets to Brighton's Moises Caicedo. 
The Blues already reportedly saw a £65m bid turned down for the Ecuadorian, but Brighton boss 
 to keep him at the club with Chelsea's interest.
Chelsea face an interesting financial situation should they fail to qualify for the Champions League this season. 
They sit as the club with the 
, but the nature of the long contracts they offer gives them flexibility to 
. 
A football financing tactic known as amortisation is used to spread the cost of transfers over the duration of a players contract, meaning 
 will cost the club roughly £10m a season - owing to his own seven and a half plus one year contract.
But Chelsea are testing this to the extreme, especially with new financial rules coming into play relating to a clubs wages to turnover ratio.
On the deal Boehly and co-controlling owner Behdad Eghbali said: "We're delighted to bring Noni to Chelsea. 
"He’s an exciting talent who has proven his quality over the past few years with PSV, playing in a strong European league, and we are thrilled he has chosen to join Chelsea for this next stage of his career. 
"We are sure he will form an important part of our team."
 Conte 'to quit Spurs at end of season with club not offering him new deal'
 Victoria Beckham gets wrapped up in David's coat while watching Romeo
 Defoe dumped partner called Donna and their dog to date wife Donna
 Ex-Premier League star throws his 'cheating c*** ex's' stuff across garden
&copy