Author: Hannah Hope
NO expense was spared at the grand opening weekend of Dubai’s Atlantis The Royal hotel as Beyonce picked up whopping £20million for a luxurious set.
She was supported by hubby 
 and their three kids, 
 — who joined her mum on stage for a rendition of Brown Skin Girl — as well as 
.
, who last performed in 2018, walked the red carpet in a gold sequinned gown before changing into a yellow floor-length dress.
The show lasted one hour and 15 minutes, meaning she earned £266k a minute.
Celebs had been jetted in for the three-day extravaganza, including 
, 
 and 
, 
 And Marvin Humes, Pussycat Doll Kimberly Wyatt, 
 and his new girlfriend Kate Cassidy, supermodel Bar Refaeli, Jodie Kidd, 
, former 
 star 
 and ex-boxer 
.
Cashmere scarves were handed out in case anyone got chilly during Bey’s set and wristband holders were given an allocated space.
She started with At Last, by Etta James, a nod to the fact the 43-storey hotel took years to build, before singing hits Halo, Spirit, Be Alive, Bigger and ending on Drunk In Love — but there were no songs from her new album.
An insider said: “Guests were offered hair and make-up before the gig and given a VIP gold bracelet for access instead of a bog-standard wristband. 
"It was the hottest ticket in the country, perhaps the world.
“It was an intimate, personal set, with a beautiful gold sun backdrop and dancers in red.
“It’s a hint of what’s to come with Beyonce’s upcoming tour.”
As well as free-flowing booze and food, there was a vending machine dispensing Moët & Chandon champagne bottles.
The show was punctuated by an elaborate firework display and afterwards mega DJs Swedish House Mafia took to the decks for those who wanted to carry on partying.
It’s good to have you back, Queen Bey.
JUST weeks after rumours of S Club 7 reuniting began to circulate, Hannah Spearritt has let slip she’s excited to perform with her bandmates again.
The singer, who is now sporting pink locks, said: “I grew up performing so I feel at home on stage.
“Out of all the songs we released my favourite was Don’t Stop Movin’.”
Hannah is hoping she and 
 Jon Lee, Tina Barrett, Paul Cattermole, 
, Bradley Mcintosh And Jo O’meara can 
 after feeling hard done by when they split.
Despite selling more than ten million records, Hannah told how each member earned around £150,000 a year.
She said at the Cirque Du Soleil Kurios premiere at London’s Royal Albert Hall on Wednesday evening: “We may not have got what we deserved in comparison to how much we made.
“I won’t feel guilty for saying that, because we made millions and millions of pounds.
“Luckily I was very sensible. 
"My dad looked after me and I bought property straight away. I was one of the lucky ones.”
JADE Thirlwall collaborated with Stormzy, Missy Elliott and Jason Derulo as part of Little Mix, but I can reveal the singer will sample someone less prestigious but just as prolific now she’s gone solo – the Crazy Frog.
She is borrowing the ringtone sound of 
 and Eurodance icon for an upcoming song.
A source close to 
, whose debut single in mid- February will precede her first album with RCA Records, tells me: “Jade wants her music to go viral on TikTok.
“She’s working to create an ultra-catchy pop song. 
"Sampling Crazy Frog is a stroke of genius and only someone as fresh and hip as her could pull it off.”
In 2005 Crazy Frog had a worldwide hit with a cover of Axel F, the theme from 1984 movie Beverly Hills Cop.
I hope Jade manages to replicate this success.
MODEL Abbey Clancy did not speak to hubby Peter Crouch for days after checking his phone and discovering his secret crush on a TV star.
 had been lusting after 
. 
said on their podcast: “He was like, ‘Abbey, she’s 60’ and I was like, ‘I don’t care.’
“It made me physically ill. I was so upset.
“I’m not a psychopath, I’m just territorial.”
For the record, Jet – real name Diane Youdale – is 52 and still looks great.
EASTENDERS actress Emma Barton has found love with a successful music producer.
, who plays Honey Mitchell on 
, has been quietly dating Jason Perry, the former frontman of British rock band A, for several months.
The romance comes after Emma joined members-only dating app 
 last year.
A pal said: “The couple are smitten with each other and are very sweet to be around.”
Jason has gushed on Instagram: “I’m feeling happier than ever thanks to this gorgeous lady,” while Emma has been leaving love heart emojis underneath Jason’s posts and branding him “my man”.
Cute.
JOE MCFADDEN is in no hurry to repeat his Strictly Come Dancing experience with bossy Katya Jones.
The actor, who won the Glitterball trophy in 2017 with the Russian dancer, said: “I don’t think I’d want to compete again for a full series. 
"I don’t know about the idea of 14 weeks of being shouted at and prodded by Katya.
“But I’d be up for a one-off Christmas special or charity with all the winners. That would be fun.”
AFTER swearing off comedians, Starstruck actress Rose Matafeo appears to have gone back on her word.
 is dating fellow comic and Eton graduate Ivo Graham.
An insider said: “They’ve been an item for several months and have met each other’s friends.”
Rose, who split with comic James Acaster in 2017, said of romances with comedians: “I wouldn’t recommend it.”
Hopefully it’s not too awkward between James and Ivo, who are mates.
It’s OK, Rose – you’re allowed to change your mind. 
U2 secretly split up all the time, according to frontman Bono.
The Edge, Adam Clayton, Larry Mullen Jr and the singer have frequent bust-ups but keep it all under wraps.
Bono admitted: “I’m amazed we’re still going.”
Speaking on Monday’s SmartLess podcast, he said: “Being in a band is tricky. 
"The older you get, it gets even trickier.
“Because when you grow up together, you’re used to taking bits out of each other.
“You’re as good as the arguments you get, but at a certain point, when people are doing well, the male loves to be the lord of his own domain, you know? It’s rough.
“And you can just imagine why people say, ‘Ah, f*** this, I’m outta here.’
“I mean, I really genuinely expect that and the band breaks up all the time. It’s the truth.
“Then we get back together and I’m grateful we do.”
Thank goodness.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy