Author: Mystic Meg
♈ ARIES
Love enters the land of dreams as Venus awakens your secret desires, which can take a relationship into new, delicious territory. 
If you’re single, you allow yourself to believe the future is bright, and may be linked to “M”. 
You have a flair for cash solutions that seem unlikely on paper, but you can make them sing.
 
It starts with a chat about work or study ambitions – but can grow into something more. 
Your soulmate may be the one who understands your goals and boost them. 
If you’re in love, check in with each other every day, even if life gets busy. 
Luck is linking two postcodes together. A style U-turn gets you noticed.
What does your star sign mean for you?
 - The best and worst characteristics of the head of the zodiac
 - The traits you need to know for the air sign
 - What does this star sign mean for your personality?
 - The key traits for the sign include a keen love of food
 - The traits to be aware of for the sign with a symbol of twins
 - The best and worst characteristics of the fire sign
 - What does the seventh star sign mean for your personality?
 - The key traits for the sign include an interest in the arts
 - The traits you need to know for the fire sign
 - What does this star sign mean for your personality?
 - The best and worst characteristics of the earth sign
 - The key traits for the sign include loyalty and kindness
If it feels like you’ve been marking time love-wise, this is your moment to move forward. 
Single? Shake off recent false starts and set your sights on a soulmate. 
You can meet where travellers swap vehicles. 
Coupled up? Talking together about growing your bond is better than one-sided action.
There’s a place for you in a work or social group, but should you take it? 
Listen to your inner self, as trying to impress with surface-level glamour is not enough. 
You need authentic connections. You know your mind and body. 
A moon of transformation helps you fit right in with the friend you most admire.
As free-thinker Uranus pushes forward, you start to see potential exits from difficult situations. 
Which ones you choose to take is up to you. 
Your chart is entering a phase of independence, all of it done your way. 
Rip up old work and family rules – and make new ones. 
The luck factor links four pictures together.
Nobody said a personal journey would be easy. 
But don’t let this put you off. Uranus’ new direction helps you set a new schedule for your success. 
Believing 100 per cent you can triumph is your skill, and you can inspire others to feel the same way. 
Love is in wedding gear, as Venus enters your forever zone.
If you have any romantic gestures to deliver, make this happen early in the week, as by the end, you can be busy with practical concerns. 
This can include choosing a new address or getting finances into shape – but it will benefit from a sprinkling of romance.
Single? That stern work face is longing for you.
The traditional dates used by 
 for each sign are below.
Breaking traditions is a Scorpio trait, and as outrageous Uranus comes out of retrograde, you can give this free rein.
Put into practice those plans you’ve been wondering about – and say yes to a new way of meeting a love interest. 
You’ve got a spark of charm that gets you noticed at work but you need the effort, too.
Your love world is on the quiet side, but with Venus’ help, you can be building a foundation for your future. 
An “F” address or “T” connection may feature. 
Or you may decide to cut ties with someone who never prioritises you. 
Work-wise, when you hear about a unique career in action, you realise you could do this.
Unspoken feelings come to the surface, and you can find the words for two and end any guesswork. 
If you’re still looking, Venus draws you towards a chatty Sagittarius. Your creative side is off the scale. 
When you see a call for scripts or stories, try to answer. Pluto adds weight when you need to say “no”.
With the love planet in your values zone, you rate yourself highly, so stop believing in less. 
This is a great planet position for cash breakthroughs, and you understand some key numbers and how best to use them.
Your sign settles into a time of positivity, perfect for choosing health or career challenges.
Instead of saying the same things in the same way, the planet influence in your chart guides you to daring words that grab attention. 
What you do next is up to you, but it can be life-changing.
Venus arrives in your star space, bringing natural attraction power. Look in the mirror – a winner is looking back.
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 I’m a gypsy girl & never go to the toilet in our caravans, it has a different use
 Multi-millionaire on Rich House Poor House pays broke man £50k a year
&copy