Author: Jon Boon
FUMING Everton fans vented their frustrations at the board, as their side fell to defeat at the London Stadium.
The Toffees were 
 2-0 - and now sit 19th in the Premier League following a dismal run.
And their supporters were livid in the away end - expressing their disappointment with their team's poor form, as 
 desperately clings on to his job.
One banner read: "To hell with Kenwright and Moshiri too."
Another blasted: "A board full of liars."
One fan was spotted holding up a sign that said: "Moshiri sell up."
While, a clearly irate supporter stated: "Everton were magic. Kenwright is tragic."
Last week, Everton's board of directors skipped the home game at Goodison Park against Southampton because of concerns for their safety.
Chief executive Denise Barett-Baxendale, chairman Bill Kenwright, chief finance and strategy officer Grant Ingles and non-executive director Graeme Sharp 
 for the 2-1 defeat.
 fans chanted and held banners up demanding the resignation of the board and the exit of 
 during a sit-in protest as Frank Lampard's 
.
There were ugly scenes after the match as defender Yerry Mina was confronted by fans, and striker Anthony Gordon was chased as he drove away from the ground.
The week before, chief executive Denise Barrett-Baxendale's car was attacked and she was "physically manhandled" by a fan following a 4-1 defeat against Brighton, according to the BBC.
However, the 
 reported that she was put in a headlock.
Next week's home against 
 has been classified as high-risk as tensions grow between supporters and the board amid a toxic atmosphere at Goodison Park.
A club statement revealed: “The board members received the instruction following malicious and unacceptably threatening correspondence received by the club and increasing incidents of anti-social behaviour – including targeted physical aggression – at recent home matches.”
 has not attended an Everton game since October 2021 but Kenwright, Barrett-Baxendale, Ingles and Sharp, the second-leading goalscorer in the club’s history, are regular attendees.
A club spokesperson added before the Southampton game: "This is an unprecedented decision for Everton Football Club – never before has our entire board of directors been ordered not to attend a match on safety grounds. It is a profoundly sad day for Everton and Evertonians."
Meanwhile, with Lampard's job hanging by a thread both Kenwright and Moshiri were collared about the ex-Chelsea coach's future.
Kenwright told Sky Sports: "We've got to start winning. It's a bad time."
Asked about sacking Lampard, Moshiri replied: "I can't comment. It's not my decision."
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Ex-Premier League star throws his 'cheating c*** ex's' stuff across garden
 Southampton and Villa stars FORCED OFF and game delayed after DRONE flies over
&copy