Author: Olivia Burke
THIS is the breathtaking five-bedroom home worth £3.5million that a young couple bought for just £10. 
Becca Pott and her family's extraordinary mansion also boasts a hot tub, three-car garage and lift. 
And she scored the luxury property in Ascot for £10 - after entering a prize draw in support of Cancer Research UK.
She paid just £10 for a ticket bundle to enter the Omaze Million Pound House Draw in hopes of snapping up a new home for her 8-month-old daughter Ava and husband Ben, 32.
The young family can now swap their two-bed flat in Leyton, East London, for the stunning pad after the "life changing win".
Becca, who is on maternity leave from her job as a finance analyst, told how she luckily remembered to enter the draw when her hubby forgot.
She explained: "My husband had entered every Omaze Million Pound House Draw prior to this one, but somehow he’d forgotten to enter on this occasion.
"But luckily I decided to buy a £10 ticket bundle in January without him knowing after seeing the house on television.
"I’m never going to let him live this down!"
The 32-year-old previously explained she had been lured in by seeing the extraordinary £3.5 million grand prize.
The beautiful white stucco property boasts extraordinary views while overlooking a beautiful private garden.
It is kitted out with a grand pillared entrance porch, which leads into a large entrance hall with an incredible fireplace - and even a lift.
Its other multi-million pound amenities include a state-of-the-art kitchen, five bedrooms, three dressing rooms and four luxury bathrooms.
There is also a spacious drawing room, a family orangery, a night kitchen, a hot tub and a three-car garage to enjoy - for only a tenner.
Becca beamed: "The house is incredible. 
"We’ve been wanting to move to somewhere bigger since our daughter Ava was born, now she’ll be having her first birthday in a mansion! 
"We didn’t have space for her grandparents to come and stay in our two-bedroom flat, but now they can have the entire third floor when they visit," she added.
Luckily I decided to buy a £10 ticket bundle in January without him knowing after seeing the house on television. I’m never going to let him live this down!
The delighted couple found out they had won the mega-mansion when the Omaze team paid a surprise trip to their flat.
She said: This win is truly life-changing for us, we’ll stay here and enjoy the house for the summer at least, but whatever we decide to do, we know Ava is set for life."
The couple praised the partnership between Omaze and Cancer Research UK as "fantastic" and applauded their "incredible work".
As part of the extraordinary prize, all stamp duty and legal fees are covered and Becca has even been handed £20,000 in cash to help her settle in.
Winners of the remarkable draw are free to either live in the plush home, rent it or sell it.
As well as making Becca and Ben multi-millionaires, the competition has also raised £500,000 for Cancer Research UK. 
It is hoped Omaze's donation will help fund pioneering research projects such as TRACERx; the largest genetic study to see how lung cancer evolves and why treatments stop working.
Early results show that a blood test can help doctors detect traces of tumour DNA, allowing doctors to predict the likelihood of its a return up to a year before a tumour shows up on scans. 
Cancer Research UK's long-standing ambassador, Ronan Keating, said of the innovative fundraising scheme: "So many of us, myself included, have been affected by cancer. 
"Everyone who entered the draw has helped the charity continue its work to save more lives."
James Oakes SVP International at Omaze added: “We’re thrilled that Becca won her dream home and to be able to contribute this fantastic £500,000 to Cancer Research UK. 
"Omaze is a win-win for both charities and entrants. 
"By offering an incredible prize like this stunning house in Ascot, we’re giving people the chance to win the house of their dreams, while also introducing charities to audiences they wouldn’t usually be able to reach. 
"This method of fundraising is helping to make a big difference to causes all around the UK."
 Supermarket makes huge change to its loyalty scheme -it could help you save cash
 Martin Lewis’ urgent warning over direct debits that could see you paying more
 I visited UK's smallest house - but it's TOO tiny ... I hated it
 Inside Hobbit-sized basement flat with tiny window facing BRICK WALL
&copy