Author: Simon Boyle
HIS long-awaited third album This Is What I Mean went straight to the top of the charts.
But despite 
 being released just two months ago, insiders have revealed rapper 
 is already working on new music.
A source said: “
 isn’t resting on his laurels and has been writing and recording new songs already.
“Artistically he seems to be the strongest and most creative he has ever been. 
"Stormzy has been doing some stuff at Qube studios in 
.
“He registered a new track on a songwriting database earlier this month. 
"The track is called Fire and it’s been pegged as a potential hit.
“Those around Stormzy think the song could spawn another album.
“It is really empowering and moving – and is very much in the vein of This Is What I Mean.
“His label is really excited about what they are hearing and no one should be surprised if Stormzy strikes while the iron is hot and releases new music this year.
“It is a hugely exciting time for him.”
The star is up for three 
 next month for This Is What I Mean, including Best British Album and Hip-Hop/Grime/Rap Act.
He will also go head to head with 
, George Ezra, Fred Again And Central Cee for 
.
A number of songs on Stormzy’s latest release were inspired by 
, who he 
 after four years together, with 
 appearing to be a love letter to the telly star.
And after I revealed last year that the pair had started 
, maybe the new record will be about their reconciliation . . .
REVEALED last month how 
 would be making her live comeback in Dubai – and now the day is finally here.
She has jetted out to the UAE for the show at a swanky hotel this evening and has been joined by rapper husband Jay-Z, who posed for this photo with another excited guest, former boxer Amir Khan.
Beyonce hasn’t performed a concert in four years, but with a tour expected to be announced imminently, this will be a nice warm-up.
RENEE RAPP has been a huge hit Stateside in teen drama The Sex Lives Of College Girls and on stage in Mean Girls: The Musical.
And the rising US star is also making waves here, as her last-minute show in London had to be upgraded to a venue four times the capacity after selling out in seconds.
Renee finally performed at O2 Kentish Town Forum on Thursday with a set including single Too Well.
She said: “This is the biggest venue I’ve ever played, so it’s f***ing cool. You guys are just elite.”
Her debut EP Everything To Everyone, released in November, featured the emotional track In The Kitchen.
Introducing it on stage, she said: “This is the first song I sent to my mum and then my mum FaceTimed me crying. 
"So I thought, ‘Well, if my mum likes it . . .’”
Her mum clearly has good taste.
USHER is working on new music and, by the looks of it, he is channelling another chart-topper, Ed Sheeran, to make sure he has some fresh hits.
 showed off his new ginger hair while out and about at Paris Fashion Week, rubbing shoulders with the likes of 
 and 
.
Usher, estimated to be worth £150million, wore a variety of expensive designer clobber for his day out in the French capital on Thursday and was back at it again yesterday.
I hope he has a big enough suitcase to take it all back to the US.
SHIA LABEOUF looks a right miss – in a flouncy dress and high heels, teamed with a sparkly gold corset, headpiece, necklace and handbag.
, facing trial in April over claims of sexual battery brought by his ex-girlfriend, 
, wore the Ancient Greek-style get-up while shooting new sci-fi movie Megalopolis, about an architect who wants to rebuild New York following a devastating disaster.
Shia, pictured on set in Atlanta, Georgia, was named as part of Oscar-winning director Francis Ford Coppola’s big-budget film last August, despite the court case against him. 
The movie’s star-studded cast also features Adam Driver, Forest Whitaker, Aubrey Plaza And Dustin Hoffman.
But many people have expressed discomfort over Shia landing his role in such a prominent production, given the troubling civil lawsuit facing him.
If the upcoming trial doesn’t go his way, it could be a serious headache for the film’s producers.
RAFFERTY LAW has some serious pulling power, having dated singer Rita Ora, reality star Frankie Sims and Brooklyn Beckham’s model ex Hana Cross over the years.
But the actor son of Jude Law has moved away from romancing famous faces and struck up a relationship with an aspiring model and actress.
I’ve learnt he is dating a woman called Rosa Ramirez – and she’s even met his mum Sadie Frost.
A pal said: “Raff doesn’t like his romances to play out in public but he has been dating Rosa for a few months and is now being more open about it.
“He has shared some photographs of her on his Instagram stories.
“Rosa has met Raff’s mum and she gets on with his mates. It seems like he’s found someone serious in her.”
In recent weeks Rafferty, who was the 
, has been dragged into the ongoing “nepo baby” row – referring to children of celebrities whose parents’ famous names and showbiz connections have helped their kids to become successful or celebs themselves.
But in a recent interview he admitted he wanted to try to move away from the ties.
He told Hunger magazine: “In the past I felt like I was slightly defined by my family. 
"Now I want to break away from that and focus on myself . . . to show people what I’m capable of and share my opinions.”
MADONNA sold out the London dates of her Celebration Tour, despite adding extra shows.
 announced she would be visiting the UK for a 
 but after seeing huge demand, she confirmed three more concerts there.
But within three hours of general access tickets going on sale yesterday, they were sold out, with sales totalling almost 80,000.
The only packages remaining were for VIP access, costing more than £1,000. 
I’m not sure many people can afford that right now but I’m sure it’s going to be a cracker of a show.
AJ ODUDU brightened up my day in this colourful ensemble.
 looked sensational in a printed teal sarong and lilac crop top as she soaked up the sun on holiday in ­Cartagena, Colombia.
Sharing a collection of snaps on Instagram, she wrote: “Vibrant vibes. 
"Colombia is serving colour, and lots of it!”
In a break from her jam-packed telly schedule, AJ has been holidaying in the States and was recently spotted partying with pals at Soho Beach House in Miami.
It comes after The Sun revealed that the Blackburn-born star has agreed to host the Big Brother reboot, set to begin in a matter of months.
AJ may have to channel those “vibrant vibes” while she’s waiting outside the BB house in the nippy spring.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy