Author: Kate Kulniece
A FORMER Love Island contestant has revealed how much the show paid them - and viewers are shocked.
As our favourite reality TV series, 
, are back on our screens, many of us are wondering if the contestants get any 
 whilst on the show - and if so, how much.
Well, 
, who appeared on the show back in 2020, has spilt the beans - and turns out, it's not so much.
Taking to 
, where the star has over 640k fans, the 24-year-old said she got under £300 on a weekly basis.
''I personally got paid £250 a week. But this is obviously to cover all your bills at home.
''So you can have a flat, you can have a car to pay - all things like that.
''Obviously, Love Island want to make sure all that's covered for you, so you don't get into any financial difficulties whilst you're away on 
.''
Demi, who has since ended things 
, went on to add that the amount could be different for this year's contestants.
''I don't know if it's the same now but that's what I got paid.
''You can make up for it if you work hard when you come out.''
Although Demi did not comment any more on the pay, viewers certainly had something to say - and they were not impressed.
Many flocked to comments to express their shock, with hundreds saying that was not enough.
''£250 a week!! That ain’t paying my bills whilst on holiday!!'' one TikTok user exclaimed.
Someone else was just as mortified, writing: ''£250. Week!!! Doesn’t even cover the council tax and gas & electric god mugged off for that.''
''£1k a month would not cover my bills, that’s very low,'' a third agreed.
''Everyone saying it’s low but going on the show isn’t a necessity,'' read another comments that's been liked over 700 times.
Since appearing on the show, many contestants have shared juicy insights about the hit programme - and 
 is no exception.
, 28, shot to fame during the Winter series of 
 in 2020, and she's opened up about her time on the show.
The Islanders' speeches during the dreaded recoupling give them the opportunity to tell their partners how they really feel.
But Shaughna, who looked sensational watching Cardi B at the star-studded Wireless Festival in Finsbury Park, has claimed they're guided on what to say by producers.
Speaking on the 
 podcast, the reality star revealed recouplings can take much longer than they appear to.
She said: "Hours. Hours. You don't normally have to re-do… if it's something very dramatic, then obviously they can't really redo that.
"But when you're doing, like, the 'I would like to couple up with this person because…' you do that in three sections. So you say that, and then you have a big pause, then you say the next bit, pause."
Shaughna continued: "You kind of go over it with a producer before, that night. 
"So like during dinner time you kind of talk through it. It's really produced.
"They kind of ask you to go for chats and certain things. It's a TV show, so I get it."
She also slammed the infamous 
 as "the most vile thing ever".
The challenge involves Islanders putting on a sexy show to see who they really get going.
Shaughna said: "I cried from lunchtime to the minute I walked out [to dance].
'I said to them [show producers], 'I will go out naked in nipple tassels, as long as you give me trousers, tights, or thigh high boots. I will do whatever you want'."
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 I’m a gypsy girl & never go to the toilet in our caravans, it has a different use
 Multi-millionaire on Rich House Poor House pays broke man £50k a year
&copy