Author: []
FORMER astronaut Buzz Aldrin announced his marriage to his longtime partner on his 93rd birthday.
, who with Neil Armstrong was the first to walk on the Moon, revealed that he and Dr Anca Faur, 63, wed in a small private ceremony.
“On my 93rd birthday & the day I will also be honored by Living Legends of Aviation I am pleased to announce that my longtime love Dr. Anca Faur & I have tied the knot,” 
 from Aldrin’s Twitter account.
“We were joined in holy matrimony in a small private ceremony in Los Angeles & are as excited as eloping teenagers.”
The astronaut shared two photos of him and Faur with the bride seen in a beautiful gown while Adrin was in a nice suit.
Before his marriage to Faur, Aldrin was married three times - all ending in divorce.
He has three children, James, Janice, and Andrew, from his first marriage to Joan Archer.
Aldrin was married to Archer from 1954 before the couple filed for divorce in 1974.
Friends, colleagues, and fans all congratulated the happy couple.
“Congratulations Doctors Aldrin and Faur!" one person wrote.
"I wish you more love, peace, joy and happiness! So happy for you Buzz and Anca!” 
“Congratulations that is absolutely amazing! Forever young,” wrote another.
A third person said: "Happy birthday, Buzz, and congratulations on your marriage. 
"I’m thrilled for you. As always, you did it in style."
Aldrin made three spacewalks during his career and was the Lunar Module Eagle pilot for the 1969 Apollo 11 mission.
He stepped on the lunar surface 19 minutes after Armstrong on July 20, 1969.
Of the three astronauts on the Apollo 11 mission, he is the only one who is still alive today.
He spent a total of 12 days in space before retiring in 1971.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy