Author: Jorge Solis
The Kardashians star uploaded snapshots of her slim physique onto 
. 
Kim, 42, tucked in her white shirt as she sported a pair of tight ripped jeans. 
The Hulu star pouted her lips and made a kissy face at the camera. 
While experimenting with her
, Kim played around with her dark hair after going back to her signature color.
In 
, fans claimed the reality star photoshopped her photos after spotting her "unbalanced hips and exaggerated arms."
One critic said: "Her upper arm on the left is like two inches long! I'm dying!"
Another critic added: "Kim trying to even out the hips!"
A third critic mentioned: "Kim must be losing her damn vision with awful edits like this."
A fourth person wrote: "It's the Popeye era with those tiny arms of hers!"
Meanwhile, fans also claimed Kim was throwing shade at her ex-husband Kanye West, with her cryptic caption.
She captioned the post: "Happy Era."
Kardashian fans became convinced the beauty mogul was loving life, unbothered by the rapper's apparent quickie wedding.
Reports surfaced that the Flashing Lights hitmaker may have 
, 27, two months after his divorce from Kim was finalized.
Sources told 
 that the couple has yet to make their union legal by filing a marriage certificate.
Kim and Kanye 
 in November 2022.
Despite the certificate, the rap star reportedly took his new wife Bianca to the same Amangiri Resort in Utah, where he brought Kim to celebrate her 37th birthday.
The Skkn mogul 
 in February 2021 after nearly seven years of marriage.
The exes share their four children: North, nine; Saint, seven; Chicago, five; and 
, three.
This is not the first time fans claimed the Skims founder suffered a photoshop failure.
The TV star posted the
 she took in the bathroom.
While wearing a baggy cream sweater, Kim pouted and flashed a peace sign.
Eagle-eyed followers noticed that the top of her phone case "is warped" and had a curved line - a tell-tale sign of photoshop.
Critics slammed the former E! star for using the retouching app, FaceTune, to thin out her cheeks and give the illusion that her hair had more volume.
One critic argued: "Kim needs to lay off the editing. 
"It kind of ruins how beautiful she actually is when she edits her face to look like a teenager in her pics." 
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy