Author: Jon Rogers
A BRIDE-TO-BE has tragically died after she used the wrong spoon to stir her tea - just days after she got engaged.
Jess Prinsloo, 24, is believed to have died as a result of her acute 
 while on a romantic holiday in 
 with her partner Craig McKinnon, also 24.
Craig proposed to her at God’s Window viewpoint in Mpumalanga on December 27.
The marketing executive from Salisbury, 
, said yes and the pair celebrated for a number of days before they travelled to her mum’s house in Johannesburg on December 30.
It was here that she came into contact with milk and went into 
, an allergic reaction where the throat closes up, and Jess sadly died the following day in hospital.
It is thought she suffered the fatal reaction after using the wrong spoon to stir her tea.
Craig wrote a heartbreaking post on 
: “It’s difficult to find clarity in today, the worst day of my life.
“But a point I have never been clearer on, the 3+ years I got with my Jess are irreplaceable, and I wouldn’t trade them for 60 years with any other person on earth.
“I am devastated, and feeling pain like I’ve never felt before, but anyone that spent time in her company knows what I mean when I say I have been blessed to call her my fiancée [for] the greatest three days of my life.”
The couple met in 2019 while they were at university and moved in together in 2021.
While Jess had many members of her family in South Africa she had not been back for six years and Craig said he knew there was no better place to propose.
He told the 
: “The look on her face… it meant everything.”
Excited by the proposal, Jess updated her social media accounts with the news the same day and was inundated with messages from friends and family.
The next update on her Facebook page was to share the terrible news she was in a “critical condition” in hospital.
Craig said Jess was always careful managing her condition but her allergy medication reportedly failed to work during her reaction.
Craig said: “When Jess died, a part of me died too – but there is no one to blame for her passing away.”
He said he was woken up by her brother Darren who told him she was having a particularly bad reaction after her allergy medication “wasn’t having the effect it usually has”.
She was rushed to hospital but despite the efforts of the doctors they were unable to save her life.
Jess had suffered from the allergic reaction since she was nine months old and had to be resuscitated after she came into contact with dairy in a curry when she was 18.
Craig told the paper: “Another time, she ordered a vegan dessert which shouldn't have had dairy and she needed antihistamines, an EpiPen and a hospital trip. I haven't eaten dairy for about three years because it just wasn't worth the risk."
Following her death, Craig was charged £3,700 in medical bills and another £1,200 for coroner fees.
Craig and Jess’ family have set up a 
 to cover the costs and funeral expenses.
A statement on the page says: “Our beautiful, fun loving Jess recently passed away on 31/12/2022.
“Jess was an impeccable daughter, sister, niece, friend and most recently fiancé. She lit up every room she walked into and touched the lives of everyone she met.
“If you’ve ever met Jess you would probably know what her go to fun fact about herself is, she’s allergic to milk. 
"While she was on the holiday of a lifetime in South Africa she experienced an allergic reaction.
"While at hospital Jess tried her best to pull through she passed in peace late that night.
"All of the years we had Jess will get us through the years that we won’t."
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy