Author: Olivia Perl
BEAUTY fans listen up because e.l.f cosmetics has just released our new favourite mascara and it costs less than £10.
The Lash 'N' Roll mascara comes in three shades - Deep Brown, Black and Pitch Black - and makes use of leading wand technology, while still remaining seriously affordable.
This offering is all about lengthening your natural lashes and giving a dramatic curl for open, defined eyes. 
But how does it do it? Well, as mentioned earlier, it's really all about the wand. Honestly, every mascara comes down to the quality of its applicator because, no matter how non-flaky the mascara itself is, if it's not going on well, it won't do the job. 
Trust us, we've tried plenty.
We're complete silicone wand converts and have said goodbye to the bristly applicators of old, so we are delighted to announce that the £6 Lash 'N' Roll has done the same.
A two sided applicator, just twist (or roll like the name suggests) to allow your lashes to be moulded by the curved edge or opt for length alone by sticking to the straight side.
The formula itself is smudge and flake resistant too; but if you are prone to panda eyes, make sure you powder under your eyes to prevent the product from sliding underneath. It's a game changer. 
In our book, if there's a new beauty product launch, we expect it to be cruelty free, because in this day and age in the UK market, there's no real excuse for it not to be.
E.l.f clearly got the memo because not only is Lash 'N' Roll cruelty free, it's also vegan. 
In fact, you won't find a single e.l.f product that isn't both which is a huge green flag for us.
We're not surprised that this new launch is such a favourite among beauty editors because there's really nothing better than a high quality mascara at a seriously affordable price. 
And the brand itself has come out with cult product after cult product, so it makes sense that this is the next one to make a splash.
Some of our other favourites from e.l.f are the TikTok viral - and genuinely excellent - 
 which is a £14 dupe of the £39 
, its £10
and the 
 which is so popular it's currently out of stock.
Beauty can be expensive, so we love how inclusive and accessible e.l.f is as a brand.
This £6 mascara is worth every penny. In fact, we'd recommend stocking up on two so you can open the next one as soon as you've finished the last because why not?
Love Charlotte Tilbury but love a dupe even more? Here's one for the lauded 
.
We've got you covered for 2023 with every 
 you need to know about.
And this is our pick of the 
.
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 I’m a gypsy girl & never go to the toilet in our caravans, it has a different use
 Multi-millionaire on Rich House Poor House pays broke man £50k a year
&copy