Author: Jessica Lester
LOVE Island fans are convinced that Olivia Hawkins told a lie about the "cursed" yellow bean bag in the villa.
Tonight's Unseen Bits saw the Haris Namani sit down with 
 on one of the yellow seats beside the pool. 
 fans have long been convinced that the yellow bean bags in the villa are "cursed", after causing a string of break-ups and arguments in previous series. 
Last year, viewers were certain that it was the cursed bean bag that caused 
 and 
's epic villa showdown.
Twitter users went wild after spotting the pair sitting on the "cursed" furniture before their argument. 
Now, fans have been warning the stars not to sit on the yellow bean bags in case the "curse" continues this season. 
Tonight, as he sat down on a yellow bean bag, 
, was seen panicking as he realised what he had done. 
"I've got bits of yellow in my eyes," Olivia told Haris as they got to know each other. "Just like that beanbag."
"Oh s**t, is that the f**king bad luck one? Is that the bad luck bean bag?" Haris panicked, before getting up and throwing it to the side. 
"You know what, someone else said that. What are you on about?" Olivia then asked, looking clueless. 
But fans at home were certain that Olivia was "lying", and had to have known about the show curse. 
"Olivia pretending she doesn’t know about the yellow beanbag curse," one viewer wrote to Twitter. 
Another chimed in: "Olivia, WE know that YOU know stop acting clueless," as a third said: "Olivia, stop lying."
"Olivia's pretending she doesn’t know about the yellow bean bag from last season," a fourth added. 
While a fifth concluded: "Why’s Olivia acting clueless about the bean bag, we know you watched last season babe..."
It comes after fans were horrified as they spotted Will Young had 
. 
The yellow beanbag became a fear of those on the 2022 series, with 
 and 
 both refusing to sit in it as it "causes drama".
Josh Le Grove sat in the chair and claimed it "f***ed everything up" as that same evening he was dumped from the villa.
Davide Sanclimenti was also sitting in the yellow beanbag when he had his infamous blow-up with Ekin-Su.
Elsewhere, 
 and Lana Henkins both sat on the bean bag ahead of a 
 of the show.
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy