Author: Jessica Lester
RITA Ora was left with an awkward silence in the Masked Singer studio tonight after making a joke blunder. 
The Hot Right Now singer was seen trying to crack puns about masked celebrity Pigeon after their performance tonight. 
, often tries to get audiences laughing each week with jokes about each other the masked star's costumes.
However, this week she was met with complete silence in the studio as she attempted to take the mickey out of Pigeon.
Jonathan Ross kickstarted the jokes, as he said one of them had "ruffled the feathers" of the bird-costumed star.
But Rita then chimed: "You better not try and pluck the feathers out of that pigeon," before being met with complete silence. 
As the other judges burst out laughing, host Joel Dommett tried to comfort her, saying: "It's alright, it's alright."
"How about this?! Pigeon me that, like riddle me that," she went on, prompting more awkward laughter. 
"No, it doesn't sound anything like it, that's even worse," Jonathan hit back as he got up and walked away.
"Thank God I can sing, I know about that," Rita then concluded, brushing off the awkward moment. 
Fans took to Twitter to react, with one writing alongside a laughing emoji: "The Rita tumbleweed jokes are actually..."
"Nah, Rita stop," a second said, while a third begged the pop singer: "Rita, just STOP. Please."
 It comes after Rita set pulses racing as she took to Instagram with a 
She posed in a bright orange metallic minidress and towering heels in the pre-show post.
She paired the dress, which was cut high at her thigh, with a pair of strappy high heels and dark metallic glasses.
Rita pulled her natural curls away from her face in a half-up half-down look, as she opted for a colourful make-up palette.
The singer chose bright green eyeshadow with a red lipstick, as she accessorised with a number of silver rings.
Rita struck a series of poses in the outfit, leaning against a wall and hiding amongst large studio equipment boxes.
"Living my 90s dream," she captioned the post alongside an orange heart, orange and lion emoji.
Her friends and fans went wild over her latest look, dubbing her a "tangerine dream" and "stunning" in the comments.
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 ITV 'axes' quiz show after first series
&copy