Author: Tom Hussey
SIGNS that you may have cancer could make themselves clear when you eat.
 affects around 9,300 Brits every year and the 14th most common form of the disease.
Around four in ten of all new cases are diagnosed in people over 70 - with a 12 percent 
 over ten years.
Also known as the food pipe, the oesophagus connects your mouth to your stomach.
The exact cause of oesophageal cancer is not known, but smoking, drinking, obesity and an unhealthy diet can increase your risk.
 have laid out three little-known symptoms of the disease.
Also known as dysphagia, it will strike when you're 
.
There are two types: oropharyngeal dysphagia, which affects the mouth or throat; and oesophagus dysphagia, which impacts your food pipe.
Dysphagia can result in coughing or choking when eating or drinking and it can also feel like you've got food stuck in your throat or chest.
Persistent drooling of saliva can also be a sign.
Being unable to chew food properly and a gurgly, wet-sounding voice when eating or drinking are both signs.
If you experience 
 on most days for three weeks or more, NHS England says you should seek medical advice.
Feelings of indigestion could also be a sign.
This is pain or discomfort in your upper abdomen (dyspepsia) or 
.
Food may be brought back up following these symptoms, sometimes through the nose, as acid reflux.
It causes causes an unpleasant, sour taste in your mouth and nasal tract.
Both symptoms may occur together or on their own, usually soon after eating or drinking.
Coupled with a loss of appetite, unexplained weight loss could be a sign of oesophageal cancer.
Roughly half of sufferers experience this symptom, which can be due to eating less because of difficulty swallowing.
The weight loss comes about as a result of lower calorie intake.
As well as experiencing difficulty, it can also be painful when swallowing.
This pain can appear as a burning sensation which can also be felt behind your breastbone.
Pain can also be felt in your back, behind your breastbone or between your shoulder blades.
If you experience any of these symptoms and they are not going away or getting worse, contact your GP.
All symptoms in this list can be caused by several conditions.
And it is important to stress that many cases won't be caused by cancer.
Despite this, it is a good idea to get them checked out if you are concerned.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy