Author: Mary Gallagher
CORONATION Street's Mollie Gallagher is working double shifts as she juggles filming the hit soap with Dancing On Ice and admits: "I don’t know how I’ve not cried yet!"
The TV star reveals her life revolves around the Weatherfield set and the rink and confesses it is a logistical nightmare - but she loves it.
The 25-year-old chatted to The Sun ahead of her Sunday night debut.
She will hurtle across the ice on ITV's winter juggernaut with skating proficionado 
, who is married to 
 star and ex Dancing On Ice contestant 
.
But modest 
 tells The Sun: "I very much doubt I’ll win, I just love doing it. 
"I want to get as far as I can and see how it goes!"
Despite her self doubt photos show Mollie has already mastered incredible stunts including the difficult twists, toe jumps and lifts. 
Through gritted teeth she manages a smile while Sylvain hoists her into the air.
Mollie has been in training since she was announced in 
 back October.
The star will also be joined by a number of famous faces including Love Island’s Ekin Su, ex footballer 
, EastEnders legend Patsy Palmer and Hollyoaks star 
.
Sitting next to Mollie, the actress tells us: "I don’t know how Mollie’s been doing it. 
"She's doing 12hr days filming and trying to skate. And then finding a rink to try and skate."
Mollie replies: "I love being busy. It's when you’re up north and you can’t find a rink!"
And 
, 40, adds: "Finding a rink, finding the hours to fit, and you’re only allowed to do two hours a day. 
"You feel like you only, mind the pun, find your beat after an hour, and then you’ve only got an hour left."
Emotions run high, they say, as the stars are desperate to put on a good show and to entertain avid Dancing On Ice fans.
, 60, adds: "There’s always emotional moments, there’s times when you fall on the floor and times when you do go down. 
"It can be very very scary. And the ice. To fall over and catch your skating boot, ohh."
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy