Author: Jennifer Korn
AT least 10 people have died and at least 10 more are hospitalized after a mass shooting in Monterey Park, California on Saturday night. 
The suspect 
, according to the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department.
The shooting reportedly occurred at a dance club as people celebrated the Lunar New Year.
A Sunday event has been canceled following the shooting. 
Tens of thousands had gathered Saturday for the start of a two-day festival celebrating the Lunar New Year, one of the largest in the region.
 occurred in a predominantly Asian American community. 
Taking to Twitter, Alhambra Mayor Sasha Renée Pérez has spoken out. 
This is a time when residents should be celebrating with family, friends and loved ones - not fearing gun violence," she wrote in one tweet. 
"I am in a state of shock, heartbreak and devastation," she wrote in another tweet. 
"A mass shooting has occurred in our neighboring City of Monterey Park."
To have this tragedy occur on Lunar New Year weekend, makes this especially painful. Monterey Park is home to one of the largest 
 communities in the country. This is a time when residents should be celebrating with family, friends and loved ones - not fearing gun violence.
I am in a state of shock, heartbreak and devastation. A mass shooting has occurred in our neighboring City of Monterey Park. Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their loved ones. Our community stands ready to do whatever we can to support all those impacted.
Officials are investigating another scene just two miles from where the Monterey shooting occurred. 
The second possible scene is located at Lai Lai Ballroom and Studio on 120 block of South Garfield Avenue, in Alhambra. 
"We are aware of an incident that occurred in Alhambra and we have investigators on scene trying to determine if there is a connection," said Capt. Andrew Meyer at a press conference following the Monterey shooting. 
No one was injured in Alhambra. 
Sources have told FOX that investigators reportedly believe they know who the suspect is. 
Anchor Elex Michaelson 
 the new development and he also revealed that the Monterey Park shooting is connected to the Alhambra investigation. 
White House Press Secretary Karine Jean-Pierre has tweeted that President Biden has been briefed on the shooting. 
"The President has been briefed by the Homeland Security Advisor on the mass shooting in Monterey Park," she wrote on Twitter.
"He directed her to make sure that the FBI is providing full support to local authorities, and to update him regularly today as more details are known."
The President has been briefed by the Homeland Security Advisor on the mass shooting in Monterey Park. He directed her to make sure that the FBI is providing full support to local authorities, and to update him regularly today as more details are known.
The actor has taken to Twitter to respond to the Monterey Park shooting. 
"Just heard the horrifying news out of Monterey Park, CA," he wrote. 
"A whole community wracked by gun violence and death, on what should have been a joyous Lunar New Year celebration."
"No motive is yet known. But we must act to end the ability of murderers to take so many lives so brutally."
Just heard the horrifying news out of Monterey Park, CA. A whole community wracked by gun violence and death, on what should have been a joyous Lunar New Year celebration. 
No motive is yet known. But we must act to end the ability of murderers to take so many lives so brutally.
Monterey Park is a city of about 60,000 people with a large Asian population that’s about 10 miles from downtown Los Angeles.
It's unclear if 
 was racially motivated, but California has seen an increase in anti-Asian crime, with hate crimes against Asians 
Los Angeles city controller Kenneth Mejia, the first Asian American to hold citywide office in the city., tweeted: 
"Our hearts go out to those who lost loved ones tonight in our neighboring city, Monterey Park, where 
 just occurred."
The name of the dance club where 
 has been named on social media: Star Ballroom Dance Studio.
An event called "Star Night" had been advertised on their website, and took place from 8pm to 11:30pm - but it remains unclear if this is exactly where the shooting took place.
John, 27, who declined to give his last name, lives near 
 and 
 he heard gunshots after arriving home at 10pm.
He said he went downstairs at around 11:20 p.m. to see if the shooting occurred at the Lunar New Year festival.
John said: “My first concern was I know they’re having a Lunar New Year celebration."
He went to the scene of the shooting and saw one person being put on a stretcher, with another having a bandaged arm.
Restaurant owner Seung Won Choi was across from where the shooting happened when three people 
 and told him to lock the door.
They mentioned a man with a machine gun, who had multiple rounds of ammunition.
Wong Wei, who lives nearby, 
his friend was at the dance club when the shooter entered with a semiautomatic gun and 
.
When she came out, Wong's friend saw a gunman and three bodies - two women and one person who he said was the boss of the club.
 at 10:22pm in Monterey Park, California, an area with a large Chinese population.
Reports of at least 10 additional victims with various conditions was released by police, but are receiving treatment at hospitals.
Ten people have died after 
 in southern California, police have said.
The horror unfolded last night when a gunman, reportedly with a semi-automatic weapon, opened fire at a dance club as people were celebrating Lunar New Year.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy