Author: Sarah Hooper
A TIKTOK personal trainer is turning heads with her insane glutes - and they're all natural.
Ally has previously said men complain that her back is more toned than theirs, which is no surprise when you see her workout videos.
In her latest post, Ally poses in a short black unitard, showing off her workout results.
She said: "Post back day. Upper body days >>>"
Ally then turns around and flexes her back muscles, showing off her pump from the day.
One follower commented: "When your back is more built than mine 😅."
Another said: "What upper body? All I saw was bunzzzzzz.... for days."
In an 
, Ally revealed her intense workout to help grow her toned glutes.
The insane workout features 3-4 sets of 15 reps, full of lifting and squatting.
The fit gym goer does hip thrusts, lunges, deadlifts, step ups, split squats, and leg presses to keep her figure toned.
One user asked for Ally's advice: "How many times a week do you train glutes?"
Ally responded quickly: "Usually two!"
Clearly her hard work is paying off, as the influencer has almost 2million followers and almost 40million likes on the video platform. 
 captivated people with her insane glute workouts.
Viviana Ruby is a major health and wellness lover, and turned heads when she showed why she's referred to as a "muscle mommy".
Her large bottom and toned curvy shape were at the forefront of the video.
The visual then changed to display Viviana bent over a barbell as she prepared to do a deadlift exercise.
In the closing moment of the video, a montage of the fitness model played showcasing parts of her regimen and fit physique.
Many people praised Ruby for her dedication to fitness and her impact on them.
"Body goals... workout routine please," one viewer commented.
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 I’m a gypsy girl & never go to the toilet in our caravans, it has a different use
 Multi-millionaire on Rich House Poor House pays broke man £50k a year
&copy