Author: Louis Regan
A "BREATHTAKING" pad boasting gorgeous city views has hit the market for £17million. 
Southbank Place sits on the south bank of the River Thames in central London.
It boasts four bedrooms, a large reception room with stunning views, four bathrooms, a balcony and a concierge.
 within the opulent property include a communal swimming pool, sauna and spa.
The £17m pad - described as “breathtaking” by estate agents - is being marketed with pictures that show its views of the New Year fireworks display in central London.
And buy this flat and you won’t need to mingle with the masses to see the 
 - because the property has an unobstructed view of the Southbank stretch.
And although its asking price is an eye-watering £17m, its new owner will get a bit of a bargain as it has an annual service charge of just £10.
On the property's Rightmove listing, Agents Knight Frank said: “Set in one of London's most desirable riverside locations adjacent to Westminster and next to the London Eye, Southbank Place celebrates the rich history and heritage of its surroundings.
“This landmark development provides the perfect setting for London's most breathtaking and elegant new residences.
“These exceptional apartments and penthouses will set new standards of excellence, with spectacular views over the Jubilee Gardens and across the River Thames to Westminster and the City of London.
“Situated at the heart of London's vibrant Southbank, opposite Westminster and The Houses of Parliament. Set in one of London's most connected locations, just a few minutes' walk from Waterloo National and Underground Stations.”
One househunter saw the property on 
 and couldn’t believe his eyes.
He said: “Minutes into the new year this RightMove listing takes the picture of the year award!”
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy