Author: Franca Akenami
CLEANING doesn't need to be a never-ending task, and some have found ways to speed through it.
No stranger to tough scrub jobs and tricky carpet spills, a cleaning expert has revealed the steps she takes to efficiently clean her home.
Often asked how she stays on top of housework, Lynsey, who goes by Queen of Clean on social media, revealed that she tries to do little things to spruce up as often as she can.
As an example, in a 
, she dove into what she does to keep her kitchen in order at the end of the day.
The cleaning guru started by sanitizing her cleaning supplies. First, she put her sponge in the dishwasher. 
If you don't have a dishwasher, Lynsey said an alternative is to put the sponge in a bowl of hot water and into the microwave. Set it on high power for five minutes.
Followed by that, Lynsey put her white dish cloth and scrubbing brush in boiling hot water along with Steradent Denture Cleaning Tablets.
Speaking of the denture tablets, she said: "The reason I love these is because obviously, they're eco friendly.
"And if you've got white gloves they're really great for getting those stains off. And they also smell really fresh and lovely."
After her cleaning brushes and sponges were washed, she focused on scrubbing down surfaces, including the fridge.
"Remember to follow the grain if you've got stainless steel," she said of cleaning the fridge.
Among her next steps were to clear the table, put table placemats away, and give the table a good clean.
After that, Lynsey vacuumed high-traffic areas, going over them with her Bona Premium Spray Mop.
Her final step was to spray her kitchen mat down with carpet spray.
The cleaning expert was met with lots of praise in the comments section.
"Your videos are amazing!" one person wrote.
"Brillant Lynsey," added another.
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 I’m a gypsy girl & never go to the toilet in our caravans, it has a different use
 Multi-millionaire on Rich House Poor House pays broke man £50k a year
&copy