Author: Tom Hussey
TWO people are in hospital after a fire broke out at a weapons factory in Derbyshire last night.
Locals near Wilne Mill, on Wilne Road, Draycott, have been told to keep windows and doors shut.
Firefighters rushed to tackle the blaze, which began on Friday night.
The mill is owned by PW Defence which produces pyrotechnics for the Armed Forces and is known locally as "the fireworks factory".
PW Defence claims it is a "supplier to UK MoD and our NATO allies" on its website.
One witness told how they saw multiple casualties being rushed away in ambulances following the horror.
Forensics teams were later pictured donning white overalls as they attended the scene overnight.
Aerial pictures also showed nine fire engines - including crews from Nottingham and Leicestershire's brigades, among scores of emergency service vehicles.
As of 8.30am on Saturday, one fire crew remained on scene damping down and checking for hot spots, 
.
In a statement, an East Midlands Ambulance Service spokeswoman said: "The caller reported a fire in a building. We sent our Hazardous Area Response Team, four ambulances, two fast response cars and the Air Ambulance. 
"Two patients were taken to the Queen’s Medical Centre, in Nottingham, by ambulance."
It is now understood a joint fire and police investigation is under way following the blaze.
In a statement just before 11pm on Friday, Derbyshire Fire & Rescue Service said: "Firefighters are currently dealing with an incident on Wilne Road in Draycott.
"Local residents are advised to keep their windows and doors closed while we deal with the incident.
"No further information is available at present."
The Sun Online have approached Derbyshire Police and the Ministry of Defence for comment.
It was previously claimed Chemring Countermeasures UK owns the site - but a representative confirmed the firm sold the plot in 2019.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy