Author: Nikki Main
SKETCH comedy staple, Saturday Night Live, will return for another season of laughs, weekend updates, guest hosts, and music performances in 2022.
The 47th edition of the show saw the likes of Kim Kardashian and Billie Eilish take over as guest hosts; however, viewers are curious to know who will be hosting and performing in 
.
Actress 
will be the host for the first SNL episode of 2023, which premieres on January 21, 2023.
She will be joined by English singer Sam Smith, who will be the musical guest for the night.
Previously, actor Austin Butler hosted the last SNL episode of 2022, which premiered on December 17, 2022.
 was the musical guest for the night. That was her second time being a musical guest on the show in 2022. 
Prior to that, 
 and Martin Short hosted the December 10, 2022, episode of SNL.
This was Martin's 16th time hosting SNL, while Short used to be a cast member.
 was the musical guest for the night, marking her second time performing on the show.
Actress Keke Palmer hosted the December 3, 2022, episode of 
 of SNL, where she announced her pregnancy.
Singer 
 performed as the musical guest.
It was Palmer's first time hosting the show and SZA's second time performing.
In a December 2017 episode, SZA was SNL's musical guest, while 
 hosted.
Episode six of this season aired on November 12, 2022.
Comedian 
 hosted the show, and the hip-hop duo Black Star performed.
The fifth episode of the season aired a week earlier, on November 5, 2022. Comedian Amy Schumer hosted the show. 
 was the musical guest. 
Before Schumer, rapper Jack Harlow performed and hosted the show on October 30. 
Before Harlow, 
 was on double duty for the show. She hosted and performed. 
Previously, Irish actor 
 - best known for his performance as Alastor Moody in the Harry Potter films from 2005 to 2010 - hosted the second episode of Season 48.
Versatile singer-songwriter and actress Willow Smith was the musical guest for the night.
The first episode of Season 48 of SNL premiered on October 1, 2022.
Actor 
, who is popularly known for starring in 
, was the host of the night.
Furthermore, the musical guest for the show was versatile musician Kendrick Lamar.
On April 16, 
 pulled off double the responsibilities as she was both the host and the musical guest.
It was Lizzo's second SNL appearance and her first time hosting.
On December 21, 2019, she made her debut on the program as the musical guest, while Eddie Murphy was the host.
The host of the April 9 broadcast was 
, alongside musical guest Camila Cabello.
Jake Gyllenhaal's film, 
, arrived in theaters on Friday, April 8, a day before he hosted the show.
Camila Cabello's performance coincided with the release of her new album, 
, on April 8.
SNL's April 2 show featured 
 as host and Gunna as the musical guest.
Previously, the March 12 episode was hosted by 
, who was joined by Spanish singer-songwriter, 
.
 hosted the March 5 episode and was joined by pop music artist, Charli XCX.
On the February 26, 2022 broadcast of the long-running program, 
 hosted the episode with musical guest 
Mulaney's fifth time hosting resulted in him earning membership to the 
.
Other members include 
, 
, Tom Hanks, 
, Scarlett Johansson, 
, Candice Bergen, and others.
 previously hosted in April 2018, March 2019, February 2020, and October 2020 - He is also the fourth SNL writer to host the show.
Saturday Night Live will air every Saturday starting October 1 at 11.30pm EST on NBC.
The show is also available to stream on Hulu and 
.
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy