Author: Andy Devlin
MICHAEL BEALE says stopping contract talks with Ryan Kent has helped him hit top form.
Discussions over a new long-term deal have been put on the back-burner to allow Kent to focus on his football.
The winger is out of contract in the summer, but Gers boss Beale is hopeful he will commit his future to the club.
He revealed: “At this moment in time, I just want Ryan to focus on football.
“I don’t want to put him under pressure or be speaking to his representatives about contracts and finances and where his head is at and where our head is at when we are in the middle of a three-game week when we have to win every single game.
“So you park some things until you get a break and that’s what we’ve done.
“I think that has helped Ryan focus and I think he;s playing really well. The front three in particular, the numbers in the last seven or eight weeks have been pleasing.”
Meanwhile, Beale insists he's refusing to get carried away ahead of Rangers' Scottish Cup trip to Perth this weekend. 
The Light Blues boss has gone eight games unbeaten since taking over at Ibrox but he's still far from satisfied. 
Beale insisted: “I think that we’re heading the right way.
“There’s another game now and I’m aware we’re a big club and there’s always a disaster waiting around the corner.
“We can’t come off it and we’re still trying to push consistency in the way that we play.
“Consistency in team selection too because then the relationships on the pitch are stronger.
“I don’t think it’s that complex. If players play together a lot their understanding of each other is good.
“If they like the way the team’s playing, if you collaborate with them and get their opinion on the way the team’s playing and then you go out and train it, you drive the standards.
“I think, generally, I start from a position of strength.
“It’s a fantastic football club and it’s got strong players in the country that we play in.
“My job is to try to get some harmony and cohesion. We’ve managed to do that the last few weeks, but we’re far from where I want us to be if I’m honest. We’ve still got quite a long way to go.
“Having said that, we’re dominating possession and scoring goals which is a good sign so if we can tighten up on some moments where we’re a bit anxious then we’ll be alright.
“I prefer the team to be bold in those moments and not on the back foot, stay on the front foot.”
 Conte 'to quit Spurs at end of season with club not offering him new deal'
 Man Utd Treble winner looks unrecognisable with huge beard as he poses with beer
 Victoria Beckham gets wrapped up in David's coat while watching Romeo
 Defoe dumped partner called Donna and their dog to date wife Donna
&copy