Author: []
WEEKS after being introduced to BBC One viewers for the first time, Dot Brannin's nephew returns. 
The 
 newcomer played by 
 immediately heads over to Sonia Fowler with big news. 
Times have been troubled for Sonia Fowler. 
Weeks after 
, she contemplates the possibility of becoming homeless, 
. 
The nurse played by 
 learns that she owes a huge amount of inheritance tax on her step-grandmother's house. 
Sonia is stressed, anxious she may not be able to afford it. 
Despite him ghosting her after their first ever encounter, she decides to call Reiss Colwell but he tells her there's no way he can help. 
She reasons that she'll have to sell Dot's house to pay the bill but is heartbroken to leave her home. 
In later scenes, however, she's shocked to find Reiss on her doorstep and he apologises to her - he didn't mean to ghost her. 
The pair sit down to look over the inheritance tax issue but can they find a solution? 
Sonia then makes a move on Reiss. 
How will he react? 
Could romance be in the cards for Sonia? 
As mentioned above, Sonia risked being thrown out in the cold a first time upon 
. 
Her future at No.25 was shrouded with doubt 
 as she anticipated Dotty Cotton would inherit the house. 
Knowing she wanted to travel the world, Sonia was convinced Dotty would sell the home, forcing her to look for a new place to live. 
However, she was in for a shock at the will reading. 
Everything you need to know about Eastenders
It was revealed Dot had actually given Sonia the house, leaving Dotty furious. 
When the latter demanded the house was given to her, she was thrown into a blind rage after being rejected. 
As a result, Dotty wrecked the living room and kitchen 
Will Sonia be able to stay in her home? 
Could Ricky Butcher's intentions of leaving Albert Square to move to Germany be a problem for her?
Tune in to BBC One to find out. 
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy