Author: Miranda Knox
But they can also be restrictive, uncomfortable and expensive, which is why more and more women are ditching them for good.
Like 24-year-old PR Manager Pearl, who has thrown caution - and her bras - to the wind, and made the decision not to buy them ever again, believing they're a complete waste of money.
Pearl got her first bra when she was eight. 
She says: "I didn't buy my first bra, my mum did for my birthday and I was so excited. 
"I remember that it was a pink and purple sports bra that I wore to school every day. 
"I would stuff it with balled-up socks because I wanted the kids in school to think I had boobs!
"Then, when I hit puberty, my mum got me a whole set."
Like many women, for years Pearl made the mistake of wearing the wrong size bra. 
She says: "Unfortunately, I never understood the complexities of bra sizes until I was about 19. 
"That's when I realised I'd been wearing B cup bras when I should have been wearing C cups. 
"When I was between the ages of 20-22, I rarely bought new bras, because I only wore them for "special occasions" or for complicated dresses that needed bras.
"I didn't value bras so I rarely purchased them and when I did, I'd get the cheapest ones available."
Despite the drawbacks, for a while Pearl persevered. 
She says: "My favourite was the push-up bra. 
"I didn't wear it for convenience - I just liked how bouncy it made my boobs look!
"I started hating bras when I was 19, but I kept wearing them because I thought that's what I was "supposed" to do."
Ultimately the discomfort was the reason for Pearl ditching lingerie for good. 
She says: "I remember always feeling confined and uncomfortable during the day. 
"My shoulders would ache because of how tight the bra straps were, and the straps would slide down my arms when I loosened them so there was no winning. 
"I would get in the car, and remove the bra before even starting my journey home. 
"I never wore bras longer than I needed to. 
"I always felt a huge sense of relief once I took the bra off and that really made me question why I forced myself to wear them in the first place." 
While many women would consider this quite a big decision, most people don't even notice Pearl isn't wearing a bra. 
She says: "My friends are always surprised when they find out that I'm not wearing one. It's interesting how they'll see me wearing a dress and ask, "what kind of bra are you wearing?" 
"Then they would be shocked whenever I told them that I wasn't wearing one. 
"My friends always say that they have to wear bras for various reasons, but I have never heard a woman say 'oh my god, I love wearing bras every single day of my life'."
Now, Pearl recommends doing whatever makes you feel comfortable. 
She says: "I think that women should do whatever they want. 
"I don't own a single bra now. I don't think I've worn a bra for over a year.
"I think that women should pay attention to what they feel when they wear particular items of clothing. 
"If wearing a bra stresses you out, then maybe stop gaslighting yourself or dismissing your emotions and try to understand what the issue is. 
"If going bra-less brings you peace, do it!"
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 I’m a gypsy girl & never go to the toilet in our caravans, it has a different use
 Multi-millionaire on Rich House Poor House pays broke man £50k a year
&copy