Author: Olivia Marshall
SHOPPERS are rushing to buy 
 bills have soared in recent months and 
 are looking for ways to save 
.
 has slashed the price of its woodland brushed duvet set by £14.20 - and customers are thrilled. 
One woman shared her find on the Extreme Couponing and Bargains UK 
 group.
She shared a photo of the cosy set and other shoppers were quick to comment.
The bargain hunter wrote: "My first ever 
 from Asda, £1.80 for my son."
One shopper said: "I've been after one myself... what a bargain."
And another added: "Ooh this is lovely! What a great find."
While a third wrote: "That's beautiful and what a bargain."
We found the bedding online and a single duvet usually costs £12, while a double duvet usually cost £16, so these are major savings.
We have asked Asda if the discount is available at all sites and will update this story when we hear back.
It's worth calling ahead to your local Asda to check their prices and stock to avoid disappointment.
You can find your closest store using the locator tool on its website.
It comes as temperatures have dropped again this week and people are looking for ways to stay warm without putting the heating on.
Cosy duvets and blankets like this can really help keep you warm but they can be pretty pricey.
sells a similar duvet set for £49.50 which is considerably more than Asda's.
Unsurprisingly, Asda's price is the cheapest we could find for a duvet set with a similar pattern. 
As always before committing to a purchase we recommend having a shop around first - there's never a bad time to bag a bargain.
You can use handy tools like 
 shopping to compare prices of online retailers to make sure you're getting the deal.
Remember that prices can vary from store to store depending on stock levels and promotions on at the time.
When shopping online always remember to factor in delivery charges.
 Martin Lewis’ urgent warning over direct debits that could see you paying more
 I visited UK's smallest house - but it's TOO tiny ... I hated it
 Exact amount PIP will rise this year - will you be better off?
 Major mobile network to scrap free data roaming in Europe for millions
&copy