Author: The Sun
By entering the Promotion, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions (these 
).  Completion and submission of an entry form or e-mail will also be deemed acceptance of these Terms and Conditions.  Promotional materials relating to the Promotion, including all information on how to enter the Promotion published in publications of the Promoter (defined below) (including social media if applicable) or on the Promoter's websites, also form part of these Terms and Conditions.  In the event of any conflict between any terms referred to in such promotional materials and these Terms and Conditions, these Terms and Conditions take precedence.
All information submitted in connection with this Promotion will be processed in accordance with the privacy policy accessible at newsprivacy.co.uk/single/. 
The promoter of this Promotion is News Group Newspapers Ltd (publishers of The Sun and The Sun on Sunday) of 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF (the 
).
3. The Promotion starts at 00:01 am (UK time) on Saturday, January 21, 2023 and closes at 23:59 pm (UK time) on Sunday, January 22, 2023 (the Promotion Period). Any entries received outside the Promotion Period will be void. 
4. Participants may make a maximum of one entry per person during the Promotion Period.
5. To enter you must sign in to The Sun app and select 'Enter Now' on the Offers page during the Promotion Period only. Alternatively, participants can enter via the entry form available online at thesun.co.uk.
6. Entries received which are not submitted via the official entry method will not be accepted. Use of script, macro or any automated system to enter the Promotion is prohibited and entries made (or which appear to have been made) using any such system may be treated as void.  Any illegible, incomplete or fraudulent entries will be rejected. Participants should be aware that they may be subject to data charges depending on their own individual arrangements for Internet access if they enter the Promotion online or by email.
7. There will be 50 (fifty) winners only. 
8. The winners will be selected at random from all valid entries for this Promotion received during the Promotion Period by a computer process that produces verifiably random results. The winners will be the first valid entry selected at random by the Promoter. There will be no prizes for any other entrants.
9. Each winner will receive: 1x 6 Party time cupcakes from Candy’s Cupcakes. There is a gluten-free and vegan alternative. Simply tick the appropriate box when entering the  competition. Prizes are as stated and are non-exchangeable and non-transferable. Prizes are not for resale. There is no cash or other alternative to the prize in whole or in part.
10. The winners are responsible for paying all associated costs that are not specifically stated in any Promotional materials or these Terms and Conditions, including (where applicable) transport, accommodation, meal costs, spending money, insurance and all other incidentals.  Winners are also personally responsible for any personal or incidental expenses and any VAT, national and/or local tax liabilities incurred in claiming or using the prize.  By participating in the Promotion, participants agree that the prize is awarded on an "as is" basis, and that neither the Promoter nor any of its subsidiary or affiliated companies, make any representations or warranties of any nature with respect to the prize.
11. In the event that, for reasons beyond the Promoter’s reasonable control the Promoter is unable to award the prize as described in these Terms and Conditions, the Promoter reserves the right to award a prize of a similar nature and an equivalent value, or at its sole discretion, the cash value of the prize.  The Promoter also reserves the right to award a prize of a similar nature and an equivalent value, or at its sole discretion, the cash value of the prize if in its reasonable discretion it is appropriate to do so.  
12. The winners will be notified by email or using the other contact details provided to the Promoter on Monday 23rd January 2023 after the end of the Promotion Period. All reasonable endeavours will be made to contact the winners before delivery of the prize.  If a winner cannot be contacted or is not available, the Promoter reserves the right to re-draw another winner from the valid/correct entries that were received during the Promotion Period. Winners may be required to submit valid identification before receiving their prize.  
13. If a winner refuses or is unable to provide an eligible postal address for receipt of their prize, the Promoter reserves the right to award the prize to another participant. 
14. The prize will be delivered within a reasonable time and by no later than 28 days after the Promotion Period (subject to availability).
15. The Promoter proposes to make available a list of winners, subject to any objections from the relevant individuals.  For a copy of the list, please send a stamped self-addressed envelope by no later than 28 days after the end of the Promotion Period to News UK, Promotions Department, 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF stating for which Promotion you would like winners’ details.  If a winner objects to this information being made available, they should inform the Promoter at the earliest opportunity using email help@thesun.co.uk/ Winners acknowledge that the Promoter may still be required to share their details with the Advertising Standards Authority or other regulators. 
16. The Promoter will collect and process participants' personal information in accordance with the privacy policy at newsprivacy.co.uk/single/. The information provided may be shared with the Promoter's agents, affiliates and, if applicable, any third party prize provider (including those outside the UK/European Economic Area) who will process such information in accordance with their own privacy policy. Information provided by participants will only be used for the purpose of conducting this Promotion (including for prizes to be delivered) and other purposes as may be specified or consented to at the time of entry or on promotional materials. If participants do not provide any of the mandatory information requested when participating in the Promotion, their entry will be void.  
17. The Promoter is required to either publish or make available information that indicates a valid award took place. As such, the Promoter will publish the surname and county of major prize winners OR send the surname and county of major prize winners to anyone that contacts the Promoter at the address given above by no later than 28 days after the end of the Promotion Period. 
18. If a winner objects to any or all of their surname, county and winning entry being published or made available, they should contact the Promoter at the address given above. In such circumstances, the Promoter must still provide the information and winning entry to competent authorities, including the Advertising Standard Authority, on request. 
19. The Promoter's decision is final and binding on the entrants. No correspondence will be entered into.
20. If participants do not provide any of the mandatory information requested when participating in the Promotion, their entry will be void.
21. The Promoter reserves the right to require the participants to prove that they are eligible. If a winner is found to be ineligible, the Promoter reserves the right to award their prize to another participant and to require the return of any prize already awarded.
22. The provision of the prize does not imply endorsement by the Promoter of Candy’s Cupcakes any third parties concerned in any way with the Promotion. Any complaints or queries relating to the use of the prize should be directed to Candy’s Cupcakes. 
23. Entrants must not do anything illegal and/or dangerous and/or that would put themselves or others at any risk.  Save where it has been negligent, the Promoter will not be responsible for any damage, loss or injury resulting from participants' entry into the Promotion or their acceptance and/or use of the prize, or for technical, hardware or software failures, lost, faulty or unavailable network connections or difficulties of any kind that may limit or prohibit participant's ability to participate in the Promotion.  The Promoter will not be responsible for any lost, damaged, defaced, incomplete, illegible or otherwise unreadable entries.  Proof of posting is not proof of receipt by the Promoter of any entries.  Without prejudice to an entrant’s statutory rights and, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the Promoter, its agents or distributors will not be responsible or liable to compensate the winner or accept any liability for any loss, damage, personal injury or death occurring as a result of taking up a prize. Nothing in these Terms and Conditions shall in any way limit or exclude the Promoter's liability for fraudulent misrepresentation, death or personal injury caused by its negligence or for any other matter where liability may not be limited as a matter of law. 
24. The Promoter reserves the right at any time to cancel, modify or supersede the Promotion (including altering prizes) if, in its sole discretion, the Promotion is not capable of being conducted as specified. In the event of a printing or other error resulting in there being more winners than prizes for the Promotion, the Promoter reserves the right to (a) declare as void any claims or entries resulting from such printing or other error; and/or (b) allocate the available prize(s) through a further draw or to divide the prize(s) or the value of the prize(s) between the winners of the Promotion.
25. Any participant who enters or attempts to enter the Promotion in a manner, which in the Promoter's reasonable opinion is contrary to these Terms and Conditions or by its nature is unjust to other entrants (including tampering with the operation of the Promotion, cheating, hacking, deception or any other unfair playing practices such as intending to annoy, abuse, threaten or harass any other participants or the Promoter and/or any of its agents or representatives) may be rejected from the Promotion at the Promoter's sole discretion. Furthermore, where such actions have significantly impaired the Promotion, the Promoter may, at its sole discretion, add further stages to the Promotion as it deems reasonably necessary in order to resolve any problems arising from such actions.
26. The Promoter reserves the right to amend these Terms and Conditions. Any amendments will be published on the Promoter’s website (the Website).
27. These Terms and Conditions are governed by English law. The courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction to hear any dispute or claim arising in association with the Promotion or these Terms and Conditions.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy