Author: Amanda Castro
On Saturday, January 21, 2023, it was reported that Klain is planning to step down from his 
.
Klain is planning to soon leave his White House Chief of Staff position under President Joe Biden, according to 
The publication states that "according to senior administration officials" the attorney "has been telling colleagues privately since the November midterm elections that after a grueling, nonstop stretch at Mr Biden's side going back to the 2020 campaign, he is ready to move on."
The outlet also reported that "a search for a replacement has been underway" and that information about Klain's successor will be released sometime following 
 on February 7, 2023.
Prior to this position, Klain served as Chief of Staff for two vice presidents: 
 from 1995 to 1999 and Biden from 2009 to 2011. 
By the time he joined Harvard Law School, Klain — a native of 
, Indiana — had a good understanding of political campaigns. 
In the 
 administration, he was designated assistant general counsel and Gore's Chief of Staff. He then became Biden's top adviser.
He was also the Ebola Response Coordinator under former President Barack Obama. 
Klain, who has also worked as a consultant, adviser, and board member for a number of organizations, re-joined Biden's presidential campaign in 2020 and was named the president's Chief of Staff in November of the same year.
After an early meeting with 
 piqued Klain's interest in politics, he interned for Colorado Senator Floyd Haskell at the age of 15. 
While majoring in government at Georgetown University, he worked for senators Edward Kennedy and Birch Bayh, becoming the first member of his family to complete college in 1983.
Klain is married to 
 – an attorney and environmental activist.
According to 
, the pair tied the knot in 1986.
Medina is the founder and publisher of Our Daily Planet, an environmental newsletter for “people who care about sustainability and conservation," according to her 
 profile.
She has held roles as Principal Deputy Undersecretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere, Deputy Associate Attorney General, General Counsel of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), and US Commissioner to the International Whaling Commission, among others.
In 1979, Medina got an Army Reserve Officers' Training Corps scholarship and graduated from Georgetown College with a Bachelor of Arts degree.
Klain and Medina have three grown children together: Daniel, Hannah, and Michael.
Klain was raised in Jewish and, despite the fact that Medina is not Jewish, the couple reared their children in a Jewish household.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy