Author: The Sun
AT FIRST glance, Tory party chairman Nadhim Zahawi’s tax row could be dismissed as a technicality.
But for 
 and the 
 this is an ongoing mess.
Yesterday — a week after this newspaper revealed Mr Zahawi had agreed to pay millions to settle the taxman’s demands — he finally issued a statement admitting this was the case.
In it, he admitted a “careless error” over tax due from a complex financial trust based in the offshore tax haven of 
.
This from a man who was, until a few months ago, the Chancellor of the Exchequer — responsible for this nation’s tax collection system.
It comes as hard-working Sun on Sunday readers battle the brutal effects of the 
 since 
.
And as self-employed grafters race to complete their own tax returns before the end of the month. 
Mr Zahawi deserves praise for overseeing our successful 
 vaccine roll-out.
He will have hoped that his statement drew a line under the matter.
But that is not the case.
Our revelation today that he was 
 after Whitehall officials contacted 
 will fuel further concerns over his opaque financial affairs.
As Tory Party chairman Mr Zahawi will oversee the party’s coffers in the run-up to the General Election.
So it is shocking to learn it has
 employing full time trade union activists over the past three years.
Doctors and nurses are on their knees with work and waiting times have spiralled.
But millions that should be spent easing pressures on the front line have gone to the very activists that are stoking them.
Of course 
 deserve a fair deal and unions have a role.
But with budgets so tight this is like a monster eating its own tail.
The 
 will include the Big Help Out, where friends and families are encouraged to carry out acts of kindness.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy