Author: Jane Matthews
A MUM is warning other parents to be aware of the little-known signs of deadly sepsis in kids. 
Lauren McCarthy, 28, is speaking out as she says her 22-month-old tot Elsie almost died from blood poisoning. 
But the mum-of-two said she knew something was wrong with her youngster because she was acting differently - and constantly rubbing her stomach. 
She now knows that was a sign of 
 that parents need to watch out for. 
The condition, also known as 
, can be incredibly difficult to diagnose - especially in youngsters. 
This is something Lauren and wee Elsie experienced first-hand earlier this month. 
Lauren said her daughter kept rubbing her stomach and crying out in pain when she needed to go toilet - and doctors told her Elsie had a UTI. 
She was sent home with antibiotics and a pamphlet about the signs of sepsis, but later rushed Elsie to New Cross Hospital when the youngster couldn't keep anything down. 
The 
 mum said her tot had also been lethargic for 24 hours, and she knew something was really wrong. 
These also turned out to be signs of sepsis. 
She said: "They referred me to the paediatric assessment unit (PAU).
"A doctor then came over to us and said that they had spoken to urgent care who told them that she doesn't have a UTI. 
"She said that it was just a viral infection. I was told it would get worse before it gets better and to take her home."
But, Lauren trusted her gut - she recalled: "I refused to leave until I got her bloods done and told them that she was showing signs of sepsis but the doctor made me feel like I was stupid and that they knew their job.
"Another doctor came over and agreed to do a blood test. At 2am the next morning they put Elsie's cannula in her hand and finally did the tests.
"They came over and said I was right. I asked: 'Right about what?' And he said you were right, she has sepsis.
"She was on death's door and so lethargic. I didn't see her awake for the whole 24 hours.
"I knew something was wrong, I know my child."
The mum continued: "I want to raise awareness and show people how dangerous sepsis is. It was so scary, I thought I was going to lose her. 
"They told me she would get worse so I'd have taken her home thinking it was ok but in reality, she is sitting there dying. I'm sitting there watching my daughter die."
Ann-Marie Cannaby, group chief nurse for The Royal Wolverhampton NHS Trust, said: "We are sorry to hear that a young patient has had a poor experience at New Cross Hospital and will work with her family to fully understand and investigate the concerns raised."
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy