Author: Dan Cain
OUR Yorkshire Farm star Amanda Owen has opened up about life in the spotlight, admitting it's "never easy" and has "challenges".
The admission comes after her split from husband Clive earlier last year after 22 years of marriage.
In a new interview with 
, Amanda was asked if life is easier now that her nine children were getting older.
She said: "It’s never easy, it’s different challenges. But I must admit I do like being a part of their journey as they grow up and seeing them develop. 
"Raven is away at university doing a Masters now, Reuben’s working independently and loving it, Miles has left school and is working at home. It brings in new people and keeps you on your toes. I hope it keeps me young."
And when it comes to the trials and tribulations of her personal life being laid bare, it's not been plane sailing.
She continued: "Life has its challenges, whether that’s in media-land or on the farm. You have to adapt and change over time, don’t you?"
 had a rollercoaster 2022, to say the least, with many highs, as well as lows. 
broke the sad news of her marriage split to her 517,000 followers on Instagram.
A statement from the pair read: “Clive and I are sad to confirm that we have made the difficult decision to separate.
“This hasn’t been easy, but we both believe it’s the right choice for the future of our family.
“Although we are no longer a couple, we continue to work on the farm and co-parent together, with our number one priority the happiness and well-being of our children.
“We would like to thank everyone for their support and would ask the media please respect our privacy as we work through this difficult time.”
And then when we thought things couldn't get any worse, 
 producers confirmed their hit show Our Yorkshire Farm had been axed for good - leaving fans devastated once again.
Making the announcement at the time, Daniel Pearl, Commissioning Editor for Factual at Channel 5, explained: “The Owens have become everyone’s favourite farming family and millions have enjoyed watching their unique way of life.
Then in June this year, Amanda's parenting style was criticised and social services got in touch. 
"I don't see myself as a perfect parent," she said. "I got a yellow flag from social services... I believe there is a happy medium whereby you do let the kids climb trees."
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy