Author: Joanne Kavanagh
FELICITY Kendal shocked The One Show viewers, after they discovered her real age.
The age defying actress, who shot to fame on the much-loved 70s sitcom The Good Life, is now 76-years-old.
Felicity was 29 when she starred in the hit 
 series, and she still looks just as great.
The popular star showed of her youthful appearance on 
, as she chatted about her new play Noises Off.
The star spoke about her time working on the show and said that she's looking forward to more touring.
She said: "Life on the road when you're with lovely company is heaven on earth. You go out, you have a drink and a meal afterwards and then you stagger back to work the next morning and go again.
"It's lovely because we went to some lovely theatres and the audiences were nice. I mean, when it doesn't work then you don't like touring, but when it works it's a joy."
But viewers refused to believe that she was 76, and many took to Twitter to compliement her on her youthful looks.
One person tweeted: "How good does Felicity Kendal Look."
While another commented: "Felicity Kendal is 76 and she looks blooming amazing #theonesho."
This fan said: "Bloody hell Felicity Kendal looks younger than I do! #TheOneShow"
Felicity has long spoken about her love of Botox, saying in 2012 that she was thinking of having more of the injections, 
, after a two-year break.
She defended getting them, reportedly saying: "It’s nice not to have lines when you frown, especially on TV.
"I don’t know why people make such a fuss about it. No one is interested if a woman has her teeth capped or her hair dyed."
Meanwhile, last year 
 when she appeared on 
.
Whilst chatting to host Graham she loved acting drunk - something she was required to do often playing The Good Life's Barbara.
She referred to screen husband Tom, played by the late Richard Briers, and their neighbours, Penelope Keith's Margo and Paul Eddington's Jerry.
She explained: "I love acting p****d and we thought it would be very funny if we became as drunk as Jerry and Tom.
"The head of the BBC said Barbara and Margot can't get drunk because they are so loved by the audience. 
"We fought really hard to do it and eventually we did that scene. It's interesting to see how far we've come – now everyone is p****d."
The Good Life, which first aired in 1975, is often hailed as one of Britain's greatest ever sitcoms.
It stars Felicity and Richard Briers as a couple determined to live entirely self-sufficiently in their garden in the London suburb of Surbiton, alongside chickens and pigs.
The move horrifies their traditionalist neighbours, Margo and Jerry Leadbetter, but their friendship underpinned the comedy.
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 ITV 'axes' quiz show after first series
&copy