Author: Beth Allcock
LUCY Mecklenburgh and Ryan Thomas enjoyed a whirlwind 24-hour romantic trip to the city of love.
The reality TV stars headed to Paris for a lavish stay in a hotel with stunning views over the French capital.
Former 
 favourite 
, 31, captured stunning images showing her in a ankle-skimming floral dress paired with a gilet as she posed on the balcony.
After heading out for a lavish lunch of tuna tartare and a cocktail, she took time for a selfie in front of designer store Chanel.
The pair then headed to their lavish room which was stocked with wine ready to pour, grapes and classic French macarons.
The next day, the couple headed for a spot of sightseeing as they posed for a kiss in front of the Eiffel Tower.
Lucy gushed the scenes were "like a film" as she added a black and white filter to Instagram snaps of their adventures.
Her last holiday snaps showed her posing in a hotel lobby in a striking pink Reiss suit before the pair's final taste of French cuisine.
She captioned the snaps: "Paris nights."
The fitness brand founder later explained on her Instagram Stories it had been a child-free break, with their son Roman and daughter Lilah staying at home.
Lucy - who is candid about mum life on her Instagram page - told her fans about juggling breastfeeding prep ahead of her trip.
Meanwhile, the pair's relationship appears to be thriving after yet another stunning trip.
Actor Ryan fell for ex-
 star 
in 2017 when they spent a month battling for survival on Celebrity Island With 
Speaking to the 
, Lucy revealed that 
, 38, had pursued her for years beforehand by direct messaging her via 
 but she rejected him until she appeared on the show.
Fast forward to June 22, 2019, 
.
Lucy took to Instagram to share a picture from the moment he popped the question in the picturesque Italian resort of Positano.
She wrote: "I said YES" along with a ring emoji.
Holding Ryan's face, Lucy showed off her 
.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy