Author: Tilly Pearce
LOVE Island 2022 contained some of the hottest contestants yet – and ever since they returned from the Mallorca villa, they’ve only sent temperatures soaring further. 
With megabucks brand deals winging their way to them, the already naturally stunning stars of the 
 have all had a glow-up, gaining new wardrobes, new looks and new styles as they become celebrities. 
As 
 kicks off this week, we take a look back at the stars and their incredible transformations in the months since their time on the ITV2 series. 
 won the hearts of viewers from the second she walked in the villa, unafraid to ruffle feathers and cause a little drama to become unmissable telly. 
She eventually took the win alongside boyfriend 
Since then, the couple has remained strong, even landing their own 
 where they visited each other's natives Turkey and Italy. 
Now, Ekin-Su can be seen competing on 
. 
 placed fourth on Love Island 2022 with boyfriend 
 – and they're another couple that remain together now. 
The show's first ever deaf contestant, Tasha was widely praised for spreading awareness on her "superpower", educating fans since on cochlear implants and BSL. 
But her confidence is her biggest transformation since the villa - becoming a 
, L'Oreal Paris and eBay, and taking 
She's admitted to 
 as perfect as she pictured. 
The couple also have 
 and have been 
 certainly caused trouble on the villa as she entered the show in Casa Amor, coupling up with Dami Hope when he was originally partnered with Indiyah Polack. 
She was dumped on day 44 after landing in the bottom of a viewer vote, with the boys ultimately making the decision to boot her. 
Since then, she has been working with brands FashionNova, PrettyLittleThing and Ego. 
(She's also taking swipes on podcasts, causing a fight with Indiyah who is now back with Dami.) 
's journey through Love Island was turbulent, but she got her man in the end in the shape of Dami. 
Even during their temporary break-up after Casa Amor (
), they couldn't keep away from each other and 
Eventually, they placed third in the finale and are still together. 
Indiyah has been going from strength-to-strength ever since, working as an ambassador for PrettyLittleThing and launching their Marketplace service, Boots Beauty, and 
Now, she's returning to the Love Island world alongside Sam Thompson as the host of 
 and will appear with 
 on Aftersun. 
 had a difficult time in the villa, pairing up with Jacques O'Neill who later left the series of his own volition after seeing Adam Collard express interest. 
She did later couple up with Adam, and after they were dumped from the villa they continued their relationship in the outside world. 
But they 
 after Adam was seen with his arms around another girl on a night out. 
Since then, Paige has been focusing on herself, sunning herself up on beach breaks and 
 after her break-up. 
Professionally, she's become an ambassador for Age UK. 
 has taken life by the horns after leaving the series, after her time on the show proved to be much harder than she thought. 
After a 
 after their time on the show, Danica has been building a name as a fashion influencer. 
Since leaving the show, she's worked for fast-fashion retailer Shein, Footlocker, BeautyWorks and lingerie company Boux Avenue. 
She's also been showing off her 
 stuck with Luca Bish throughout her time on the series, and they remained together until a 
They came second on the series, losing out to Ekin-Su and Davide. 
Since then, a naturally glamorous Gemma has enjoyed trips to Dubai and launched her own 'OG' swimsuit company. 
She also has her own range for PrettyLittleThing, and has been working hard on vlogging for YouTube. 
Here's your rundown of the 2023 Love Island contestants
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy