Author: Louis Allwood
 last up to 16 days - but only the first seven days are considered a public holiday.
This year marks the transition between 
, with 2023 being 
, more specifically the 
.
 Chinatown will be hosting a full day of family-friendly activities from January 21 to 29, including lion dancing, Chinese dancers, street food stalls and Chinese arts and crafts.
In London celebrations will be in full flow at Trafalgar Square where visitors will be treated to a screen show and thanksgiving ceremony, firecrackers, speeches, the Lions’ Eye-Dotting Ceremony and much more.
The 
 and Lunar New Year are closely related.
In a casual conversation, both terms can be used interchangeably as synonyms.
However, in a more strict cultural environment, it is necessary to understand the differences between the two.
In China, both of the festivities are known as Spring Festival or Lunar New Year.
But Chinese New Year is used to refer to the new year event while Lunar New Year is a general term used to reference all the new year celebrations.
The year of the Rabbit occurs every 12 years and is known to be the luckiest out of all the twelve animals in Chinese astrology.
Chinese communities up and down the UK are celebrating the New Year with fireworks, garish decorations and an abundance of authentic dishes.
These creatures are gentle homebodies and will make fantastic parents.
Wood Rabbits can often struggle to cope with the daily grind of life due to their inherent sensitive nature.
They yearn for the countryside, civil behaviour and a generally more calming environment.
They tend to be more on the creative side of things, and it’s in this field where everything comes together for them.
A lot of Wood element characters fall foul of the Wood element’s Achilles heel, which is driving merrily down Decadent Road.
This animal sign also tends to be more laid-back, and are willing to see where life takes them naturally, rather than planning and plotting.
The Wood Rabbit is also always looking for their soulmate, they don’t like to be on their own and yearn for companionship.
Here are some of the most popular dishes eaten during the Chinese New Year:
The year of the Rabbit occurs every 12 years and is known to be the luckiest out of all the twelve animals in Chinese astrology.
You are a Rabbit if your birth year falls on: 1927, 1939, 1951, 1963, 1975, 1987, 1999, 2011, 2023, 2035.
Those born in the year of the Rabbit are believed to be clever, compassionate and generous, although their negative traits include being over-cautious and vain.
Accoridng to China’s Ministry of Transport, over 2 billion separate trips will take place during the 40-day Luna New Year celebration.
This comes as millions across China travel back to their hometimes to spend the season with their loved ones.
According to CNN 26 million people have travelled on Sunday alone.
 can be extravagant and they are unafraid to be “different”. They can also be straightforward, decisive, and serious about their careers. These no-nonsense animals are perfectionists are criticize what they deem unfit.
They tend to be dreamers who are ahead of their time and very brave.
They are creative and talented in the arts and make great friends.
Roosters are also overs of knowledge and confidence, but at their worst, they can refuse to acknowledge their own shortcomings.
Family and friends are where they find their respite.
Roosters want a large family as they grow older.
When it comes to finding romance, the Rooster is the most compatible with the Dragon.
Roosters are observant, hardworking, resilient, and courageous.
There are different types of this animal in the zodiac system.
These include the 
, 
, 
, 
 and 
.
Luna New Year is celebrated by billions across the globe and marks one of the major holidays in much of east Asia.
Luna New Year is celebrated in the following countries: 
To say "Happy 
" in Mandarin: xin nian (new year) kuai le (happy) - which is pronounced shin nee-an kwai le.
The Cantonese version is sun nin fai lok- pronounced san knee fy lock.
You can also use a less formal, shortened version - perfect for saying to friends and family.
This is: xin nian hao (good) - pronounced shin nee-an how and in Cantonese, it's san nin hou.
A third greeting is: guo (spread) nian hao - pronounced gor nee-an how. This can be used on the day or after.
Years: 1917, 1929, 1941, 1953, 1965, 1977, 1989, 2001, 2013, 2025.
Traits:
Years: 1914, 1926, 1938, 1950, 1962, 1974, 1986, 1998, 2010, 2022.
Traits: 
Some of Hollywood's most iconic celebs were born in the year of the rabbit.
Here are just a few:
Here are some of the most popular dishes eaten during the Chinese New Year:
The 
 is significant – the ox, horse, goat, rooster, pig and dog are six of the main domestic animals raised by Chinese people, while the rat, tiger, rabbit, dragon, snake and monkey are all loved by the Chinese.
The animals were separated into two categories – yin and yang – depending on whether they have an odd or even number of claws, toes or hooves.
They were then arranged into an alternating yin and yang sequence.
 is the principle of existence and the fact that everything in life flows and grows.
It is impossible to define the state of yin or yang but instead, both energies are feeding off each other and existing simultaneously.
According to Taoist philosophy, every entity on the planet is made up of partly Yin and partly Yang.
Yin and Yang represent an energetic set with one of the two polarities in a dominant position.
The Yin energy is considered to be receptive, intuitive, and feminine while the Yang energy is deemed to be giving, logical, and masculine.
The 
 animal zodiac or shengxiao, which means “born resembling, is arranged in a repeating cycle of 12 years – all of which are associated with one of 
: Wood, Fire, Earth, Metal, and Water.
It, therefore, features 12 different animals.
For example, 1991 
. If you were born in 1991, your Chinese zodiac sign is the Goat, and you are known as a “Goat”.
The animal changes at the beginning of the 
, and traditionally these animals were used to date the years.
However, Chinese New Year is a movable celebration, dictated by the lunar cycle.
Because the dates of Chinese New Year change every year, individuals born in January or February will need to pay special attention to their birth date in addition to their birth year.
If you’re feeling confused, you can 
.
A lunar year is shorter than a solar year, which is the time the earth takes to orbit the sun, with around 354 days or 12 cycles of the moon.
It can fall in either January or February each year and the date changes annually too.
Thousands celebrate Chinese New Year with parades and fireworks normally.
The 
 usually lasts for 16 days, starting from Chinese New Year’s eve to the Lantern Festival.
New Year celebrations last up to 16 days, but only the first seven days are considered a public holiday.
Chinese New Year 2023 falls on Sunday, January 22, and celebrations culminate with the Lantern Festival on Sunday, February 5.
The Lunar New Year also known as the Spring Festival marks the day the cycles of the lunisolar calendars reset.
It is the beginning of a calendar year whose months are cycles of the moon and cycles of the sun. 
Tied to the lunar calendar, the holiday began as a time for feasting and to honour household and heavenly deities, as well as ancestors.
The New Year typically begins with the first 
 that occurs between the end of January and spans the first 15 days of the first month of the lunar calendar— until the full moon arrives.
Each year in the lunar calendar is represented by one of 
.
In 2023, Lunar New Year begins on January 22.
2022 was the Year of the 
 with 2023 as the Year of the Wood Rabbit.
2024 will be the year of the 
.
The 
 and Lunar New Year are closely related.
In a casual conversation, both terms can be used interchangeably as synonyms.
However, in a more strict cultural environment, it is necessary to understand the differences between the two.
In China, both of the festivities are known as Spring Festival or Lunar New Year.
But Chinese New Year is used to refer to the new year event while Lunar New Year is a general term used to reference all the new year celebrations.
Each zodiac sign is associated with one of the five elements: Wood, Fire, Earth, Metal and Water, and the 
explains what this means for the Rabbit.
Water Rabbit: These Rabbits may endure financial hardships during their youth, but are able to turn unfortunate events around as they age.
Wood Rabbit: They are not sly, but do have some tricks up their sleeves.
Wood Rabbits often start their career successfully and keep the same good fortune throughout their lifetime.
Fire Rabbit: Fire Rabbits never stop to rest and are always busy with something.
They are intelligent but may abandon things halfway when they become distracted by something else.
Earth Rabbit: These Rabbits sail through life without a care in the world.
They’re natural and relaxed and rarely hurt by anyone. A long life full of fortune awaits them.
Metal Rabbit: These Rabbits have strong self-perception, are full of energy, resilient and they are not ones to surrender.
However, they keep emotions bottled up and can have trouble interacting with others. With help, they will be successful.
These creatures are gentle homebodies and will make fantastic parents.
Wood Rabbits can often struggle to cope with the daily grind of life due to their inherent sensitive nature.
They yearn for the countryside, civil behaviour and a generally more calming environment.
They tend to be more on the creative side of things, and it’s in this field where everything comes together for them.
A lot of Wood element characters fall foul of the Wood element’s Achilles heel, which is driving merrily down Decadent Road.
This animal sign also tends to be more laid-back, and are willing to see where life takes them naturally, rather than planning and plotting.
The Wood Rabbit is also always looking for their soulmate, they don’t like to be on their own and yearn for companionship.
The Rabbit is the fourth of the repeating 12-year cycle of animals of animals which appear in the 
, constituting part of the Chinese calendar system.
This animal represents strength, kindness and courage.
Rabbits are very goal-driven and are careful with their next moves – no matter what negativity the receive.
With an attractive aura, Rabbits are good at socializing and play close attention to detail.
However, they do find it hard to open up to others and often turn to escapism.
Legend has it that the emperor was hosting a party and claimed that whoever arrived first would hold a spot in the Chinese zodiac.
Rabbit arrived at the party first but did not see any other guests, so instead he went off to the side and had a nap. 
However, when awoke, three other animals had already arrived.
Thus, he was crowned the fourth animal in the zodiac.
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 I’m a gypsy girl & never go to the toilet in our caravans, it has a different use
 Multi-millionaire on Rich House Poor House pays broke man £50k a year
 Dog expert reveals the breeds he'd never own or allow near his kids
&copy