Author: Annette Kellow
*
THERE is nothing better on those long, warm and sticky nights than a cooling pillow that makes it more bearable and comfortable.
Many people find sleeping in overly hot environments a bit of a challenge, that's why we've rounded up a selection of the best cooling pillows to help keep your bedroom comfy and dry.
The 
 have reported that body temperatures peak in the evening and then slowly drop before bed, with lowest levels occurring when we are in a deep sleep.
The ideal temperature for the perfect night's sleep is a cool 16-18°C which explains why it can be difficult to trop off to sleep when you feel to hot or your room is too warm.
Temperatures over 24°C can cause restlessness during your sleep, which means you can wake up feeling tired in the morning.
That's why it's worth doing everything possible to ensure bed and sleeping environment remain cool to ensure you get the best possible night’s sleep.
We’ve rounded up a selection of cooling pillows to help keep your head, face and neck feeling fresh while you sleep, so you'll wake up with a spring in your step in the morning.
Customisable height, temperature-regulating, breathable, soft
Pricey
The Simba Hybrid pillow has been cleverly designed to regulate your temperature and increase airflow.
It incorporates astronaut-inspired temperature regulation, which absorbs, stores and releases heat as and when you need it, which means that on a hot summer's night it'll absorb the heat and keep you cool - ideal.
With over 14,000 
, we decided to put one to the test and see what all the fuss was about.
As someone who usually opts to buy budget £5 pillows, I was taken aback by the price but once my head hit the pillow, I couldn't believe the difference in comfort.
The pillow is filled with breathable and lightweight nanocubes, which can be removed to adjust the height and firmness of your pillow.
Once I tweaked the height to get it right for my needs, I quickly found it glorious to sleep on. The material is thick, plush and supportive, and I swiftly found myself amongst the army of Simba pillow lovers.
Whilst this is one of more expensive pillows in our round-up, the overwhelming opinion of those who have tried it is that it's worth every penny.
Read our full 
 here.
Breathable, temperature-regulating, supportive, adjustable height
Expensive, might be too big for some pillowcases, firmness may not be to everyone's taste
Simba seems to be storming ahead of its competitors when it comes to cooling technology - the brand features twice in our 
 article, too.
The sleep companyhas recently released its Simba Hybrid Firm pillow, which we tested out during a heatwave.
The Hybrid Firm comprises of three individual pillows (two soft fibre pillows and one layer of firm Aerocoil springs), which can be combined and rearranged to adjust the height and firmness of the pillow.
It also features Stratos tech (the astronaut-inspired temperature regulation we mentioned earlier), which means it's as good as a pillow can be at regulating your body temperature.
Whilst it took me a few days to get used to the firmness of the pillow, its superior cooling properties and adjustability make it the most comfortable pillow I've ever slept on.
Undeniably the price of the pillow is pretty high (it's the most expensive in this list), but if you're able to afford it, I believe it will be a worthwhile investment.
Read our full 
 here.
Imported from the USA, this shredded foam-stuffed pillow isn’t cheap, but with several thousand five-star ratings on Amazon, it's bound to be a worthy investment.
Unlike down, memory foam doesn’t flatten out over time and because it’s enclosed in a zippable inner case - and, in this pillow design, you can add or remove the foam to customise the pillow to your preferred level of neck and head support.
The vented bamboo cover and fluffy foam allow air to circulate throughout, for a fresh, breathable feel that will have you nodding off in no time.
What's more is that this super soft squashy pillow is fully machine washable for peace of mind, and hypoallergenic.
If you’re concerned about the chemicals contained within foam bedding, why not try something a little more natural?
Wool offers a natural alternative that’s both hypoallergenic and temperature-regulating.
This Woolroom pillow, available on Amazon, is stuffed with balls of 100% British wool to create lift and encased in breathable cotton percale to help dissipate heat and moisture, setting you up for a good night’s sleep.
The only downside is that this pillow is dry clean only, but for under £40, it's a budget-friendly price if you're looking to up your pillow game - without breaking the bank.
If you like medium-firm head support and tend to sleep on your back or side, then this standard-sized cooling pillow might help you to sleep more easily.
It features an air-permeable foam core wrapped in high-quality hollow fibre with air vents to allow the pillow to breathe, and a 100% cotton cover.
It's rated a six out of 10 for firmness, so no creaky necks when you wake up - and its breathable, cooling technology is said to be ideal at combatting hot flushes caused by menopause.
Still not quite sure? The brand, Kally Sleep, allows you to try your purchase risk-free for 14 days.
For those who don’t want the effort or cost of replacing their trusty pillow, or who only feel hot in bed occasionally, this pillow offers some flexibility.
Placed into your pillowcase (or even under your feet), the gel insert reacts to your body temperature, drawing away excess heat to help keep you feeling cool and fresh while sleeping.
Also you need to do is pop the portable insert into your fridge before use, and you're ready to go! It can also be used to cool your lpatop down in warm temperatures, or when you fancied some al fresco writing or online shopping.
It’s also thin enough to be rolled up and popped into your suitcase for warm weather holidays. For under a tenner, we think the price tag is very pleasing on the purse too!
This super-ventilating pillow is great for increasing breathability and airflow, stopping you from overheating while you sleep all year round.
The pillow has a lovely, soft and bouncy support system, making it perfect for a comfortable night's sleep.
This hypoallergenic cooling pillow is best suited to sleepers who enjoy a medium to firm pillow that provides gentle support.
It's white, super soft cover is machine washable, while its polyester and Geltex foam innards are wipe clean only. For under £40, we think it's a bargain that you won't want to press snooze on.
Talk about a bargain! This pack of two cooling pillows from Slumberdown is on sale at Argos for just £12 - working out at a super cheap and cheerful £6 each. What's not to like?
These light, fluffy pillows are specially formulated using a breathable filling, working hard to keep you cool throughout the night.
They offer medium support for back sleepers, but it still feels quite soft - working hard to draw moisture away while you sleep, and are machine washable to make your life even easier.
If you sleep on your side and prefer a firmer pillow, this is a great cooling pillow option for you - available for a good price from online shopping giant, Wayfair.
This comfy, supportive pillow helps to support the head, neck and spine using a cooling cover that gently wicks away moisture while you sleep - helping to leave you feeling cooler all night long.
It's especially great for side sleepers as it helps to bridge the gap between your head and your neck.
Another Silentnight bargain from Wayfair is this pressure-activated, gel-smothered pillow - soon to be your new BFF this summer.
Apparently, we fall asleep much faster on a colder pillow - and this pillow, with its gel-pad cover can help you do just that when your room is feeling stuffy.
The gel is pressure-activated and heat-absorbent, meaning you'll always sleep on the cold side of the pillow - the brand claims that the gel's cooling sensation is soothing, helping you fall asleep.
The pillow provides medium support, ideal for back, stomach and side sleepers - and the gel cover can also be unzipped and placed on your own pillow if you're not quite ready to give your current pillow up. And it's currently on sale for less than £25, too. Sleep easy.
This two pack of gel cooling mats are perfect for hot weather.
They are designed to absorb and dissipate heat from your pillow which keeps your pillow cool throughout the night.
Made using soft polyester material, the pads are non-toxic, comfortable, and skin-friendly.
As well as using them for sleeping, they are great for the Yoga mat, Pet cushion, Car seat and mattress. It can also be used for menopause, migraine headaches, and other pains and insomnia.
This gel-infused soft, comfy & anti-snore thick memory foam pillow is perfect for people who suffer from neck pain, headaches and migraines.
The ergonomic support keeps your upper body aligned & makes the breathing process smooth.
It is also claimed that orthopedic pillows can help reduce snoring.
A cooling pillow is used mainly in the warmer, summer months to prevent heat retention and provides a cool surface when sleeping.
The design of the pillow is made to increase airflow to stop heat retention, while the materials used in the pillow are often breathable and derived from natural products - including wool or bamboo. Some pillows also may contain water or gel pouches which help to cool the skin and wick away moisture, while absorbing heat.
Cooling pillows do work, but the effectiveness of each pillow depends on the type you purchase.
If you've purchased a cooling pillow featuring a water or gel insert, these inserts only work for a limited time - this is because they quickly absorb the heat energy from your body, so warm up as this happens.
If you let the pillows cool back down again, the cooling effect can then be enjoyed once more.
The way cooling pillows stay cool depends on which variety you choose to buy - but generally speaking, you don't have to do much.
To make gel-filled cooling pillows colder, you can put the gel pack in the fridge for a few hours before bed or try flipping the pillow once one side has become warmer.
If you don't have a cooling pillow, you can make a regular pillow cool by inserting a frozen, reusable gel cooling pack inside your pillowcase.
Always make sure you read any included instructions on how to wash your cooling gel pillow - these may differ from brand to brand, and many are machine washable (making life much easier!).
But, in most cases, you can simply use a clean cloth and a soap and water mix to wipe the pillow down, then gently use paper towels to press the pillow dry (water will be in the foam, this helps to soak it back up) - to get it perfectly dry, you can then leave a towel on top of your pillow overnight.
You can buy a wide range of cooling pillows from a selection of retailers.
Amazon is full of options at affordable prices, alongside Wayfair, Argos and many family-favourite supermarkets.
Some varieties of cooling pillows can contain volatile organic compounds (or VOCs), depending on what they're made from.
Purchasing a cooling pillow that's OEKO-Tex certified or CertiPUR-US certified can help make sure that these VOCs are only found in small doses.
In smaller amounts, VOCs aren't dangerous to your health, although they can be irritating to those who suffer from allergies or respiratory problems.
VOCs are present in numerous foam products and quite often can have an unpleasant smell when they are first purchased - however this typically disappears between 24 to 48 hours after unpacking and leaving to breathe - so just make sure you air your pillow before use.
Pillowcases help to keep everything clean - and are especially handy for using on cooling pillows (which often cannot go in the washing machine).
Using a pillowcase on your cooling pillow makes it faster and easier to clean, protects it from excessive wear and tear and keeps it fresh.
 Karcher Window Vac review
 10 best smart thermostats including Nest, Hive and Tado
 Best dog dental chews UK: the best treats to keep your canine's teeth clean
 11 best electric blankets for staying warm without a heater this winter
&copy