Author: Angelica Cheyenne
KARDASHIAN fans have taken to social media to express that they're "grossed out" as Kim Kardashian allows her daughter North West to make a "disgusting mess."
North, 9, has released another TikTok and in the clip she made messy milkshakes with her younger siblings Chicago, five, and 
, three. 
In the video the 9-year-old sat in the middle of her brother and sister, leading their food-making endeavor. 
As soon as the TikTok began she asked her siblings what they were "doing today," to which they unanimously responded, "making a milkshake!"
Being the big sister that she is, North directed Chicago and Psalm step-by-step all the while allowing them to build their milkshakes themselves.
She let them put their ice in their respective cups and watched as they poured their milk, making sure that they didn't spill any on the table.
The eldest West child did the harder stuff like scooping out the Cool Whip and gradually drizzling the chocolate syrup just right into the milkshake. 
North let each of her littler relatives do the fun part, which was squirting the whipped cream onto their individual milkshakes and topping the finished milkshake with sprinkles. 
At the very end, before the sprinkles, she let each sibling put chocolate syrup over the very top of their milkshake, and compared to her brother, Chicago poured the syrup excessively.
Things got messy when Chicago and Psalm began covering their milkshakes with sprinkles.
Even when North sprayed whipped cream into the mouth of her willing sister the table remained neat. 
However, by the end of the three minute TikTok the family's kitchen table was drenched in rainbow sprinkles due to Chicago and Psalm's heavy-handedness with the treat.  
Many fans' opinion of 
 making food on TikTok was split between people either thinking it was adorable or unsettling. 
One fan on Reddit ranted: "I love this but I’m also so sad. I can see that the adults only want something to do with them when it benefits them and other than that, they are left in a place that echos while they play."
"An I’m sure everyone wants to think that because they have everything they are happy but my single mom raised us all with attached parenting and when my brothers rich dad took custody of him, he became very different and 15 years later he told me that he was so sad because he was so lonely because his dad worked all of the time and he was always left in a huge home."
Another fan replied in defense of the reality star: "What? Kim spends plenty of time with the kids, didn’t you and your siblings hang out alone as kids ever? It’s important for kids to be independent even if it means making gross looking milkshakes just for fun."
Another fan complimented: "This is so cute! North is such a good big sister. I’m sure Saint was just sleeping or not at home and North wanted to do something fun with the little kids, my older sister used to come up with the most random activities for me and my friends to keep us entertained."
Other fans just joked about the way North and her siblings chose to make milkshakes and wondered why they left it unblended.
One fan expressed: "I kept waiting for the blender to come out. It never did," to that someone responded: "I know right I thought they were gonna put it in the blender..."
Another fan added: "right, must be so watery and disgusting. There was so much ice and only one scoop of actual ice cream..."
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy