Author: The Sun
There’s still time to start collecting and join the millions who have booked breaks with us over the past 30 years.
Take your pick from more than 170 holiday parks across the UK and 
. 
There is availability up until November.
We have made booking simple by removing extra charges, such as service charges and peak date supplements, which means that the price you see is the price you pay.
Pick from three-night weekend breaks or four nights for the price of three midweek.
To book, collect TEN codewords, tokens or 
.
We will print one of each daily until January 31.
Book online by collecting TEN codewords and entering them at 
.
Or book via post by collecting TEN tokens and sending them back with the booking form which you can download at 
.
Sun Savers members can either book through the Sun Savers app or online at 
.
Go to Offers and click “Start Collecting” on the Holidays From £9.50 page, then enter TEN Sun Savers codes to unlock booking. 
Get booking as soon as you have all ten codewords, tokens or Sun Savers codes.
NURSE Julie Marsh swapped saving lives for saving money with Sun Holidays.
And despite the 
 crisis, she was able to have a fantastic family getaway that lacked for nothing.
She says: “The breaks are unbeatable value for money at a time when every penny counts.”
Julie, 33, and husband Andrew, 36, a local authority housing development officer, took their three-year-old son Joseph to Parkdean Resorts Cayton Bay Holiday Park on the beautiful 
 coast for their first Sun getaway.
The couple from South Shields, Tyne and Wear, agree the hassle-free trip was perfect for family fun as they were able to load the car with all of Joseph’s favourite toys.
And most important, they could also take his beloved bike, which he spent hours riding as he enjoyed the freedom of the park.
They were able to save some cash too. 
Julie says: “We also stocked up with food and so we were able to do a lot of cooking in the caravan.” 
This meant they could still treat themselves by eating out at the resort as well. 
Julie adds: “Joseph found it a magical adventure and once he was in the swimming pool with us he just didn’t want to get out.
“The park was also our base for visiting local tourist attractions. That’s another great bonus of choosing a Sun Holiday – you can explore lots of different locations around the country.
“We took time out to visit nearby Filey, Scarborough and Whitby. But if you want to stay on the park, there is plenty going on for all the family so you can stay put if you want. The choice is yours.”
Andrew says: “Cayton Bay was a brilliant pick. It’s a beautiful park in a great part of the UK. Joseph loved every minute of the holiday and we can’t wait to start planning our Sun Holidays for 2023.”
FUN-loving Kelly Johnston and partner Kayleigh Dalziel got down with the kids on their latest Sun holiday.
Kelly, 46, and Kayleigh, 32, joined hundreds of school-children whooping it up on rides in the amusement park of Duinrell Holiday Park at Wassenaar, southern 
.
“We were like two kids,” says Kelly, who is such a fan of the Duinrell park she has been SIX TIMES in recent years.
She adds: “It’s so beautiful, and the staff are so friendly.”
Her latest visit was as good as ever, too. 
She says: “It was so relaxing – even when we were hurtling round in the air on the rides, or getting soaking wet on the water-splash ride.”
Trucker Kelly and Kayleigh, who is training to do the same job, drove from 
 then took a Hull-Rotterdam ferry before driving to the park – with a sightseeing stop in Leiden.
Kelly says: “There are lovely beaches in Holland, which not everyone knows. You are also spoilt for choice about what and where to eat.”
Kelly’s first Sun holiday was in Filey, North Yorks, but she now loves going abroad. 
She says of Sun hols: “You can’t beat the value. All the breaks have lived up to expectations – but that’s what you get from The Sun, which has always been my favourite paper.
“I grew up reading my Mystic Meg horoscope and looking at the Dear Deidre agony aunt page. But best of all is The Sun’s coverage of football and my beloved Newcastle – who look like the real deal now.”
And Kelly has a tip for those heading to Duinrell. 
She says: “Barbecues are a big thing there, so nip out to the local supermarket, choose some meats and cook it all up. It is so relaxing to sit out on your decking and eat.”
Now Kelly and Kayleigh can’t wait for their next sizzling Sun holiday.
 Inside ‘world’s most beautiful McDonalds’ with stain glass windows & chandelier
 Why you should always pack a golf ball in your suitcase - even if you don’t play
 UK seaside town in new Hollywood film is so cool that Americans are moving there
 The cheap UK break with activities included - for under £100 each a night
&copy