Author: Martha Cliff
IF YOU think you’ve got a great eye for detail, then this new mind-boggling optical illusion is sure to put your skills to the test.
Designed by 
 the green blurry design hides a number and a word in it but can you spot what they are?  
So far, only half of people have been able to spot them and it’s no wonder with the fuzzy green image proving extremely tricky to untangle. 
But while the words may be well hidden, they are there we promise!
Still stuck and looking for clues? We’ll give you one for each hidden element.
When it comes to the number, cast your mind back to The Beatles’ The White Album, there was a track named after this.
And the word is something you might say of something that costs nothing.
If you’re still scratching your head, then we can reveal that the number is 30 and the word is Free!
Those who did manage to spot the hidden number and word may have done so because they have a higher IQ.
A study by Current Biology found that those with an above average IQ are naturally able to disregard the less relevant details of the image and hone in on the specific shapes.
If you were able to figure out that a woman hides behind each image then you are likely to have a higher IQ.
Q, which is short for Intelligence Quotient, is a way of measuring a person's intelligence and mental comprehension.
An IQ test can work out exactly what a person's intelligence is, by using a series of mental exercises to measure their mental agility.
Most test usually has two parts - verbal and performance - and cannot be faked as you either have the ability to answer the questions or you don't.
However, some argue that IQ tests are not an accurate way of measuring a person's ability and that the test is "fundamentally flawed."
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 Sleep expert reveals how to stay warm at night without putting the heating on
 I worked at Tesco and there’s a reason we always try to talk to you at the tills
&copy