Author: Kiro Evans
JURGEN KLOPP has aimed a subtle dig at Chelsea's spending spree and suggested it can't go on forever. 
Liverpool meet the Blues at Anfield tomorrow lunchtime with 
. 
While Reds fans are set to celebrate Klopp's 1000th game in management, Chelsea supporters will be keeping one eye on their phone for the 
. 
The new ownership led by 
 and Clearlake Capital have already bought £152m worth of talent this month following a similarly expensive spree in the summer. 
Ukrainian winger Mykhailo Mudryk headlines January's non-stop recruitment with the 
. 
But Klopp appears less than impressed with the London side's methods. 
When told about how much money Chelsea had spent, he said at his pre-match press conference: "Interesting. I can't explain it, I have no idea. But if the numbers are true then it's impressive.
"I can't see investment stopping in the future, so that means we have to do it as well. 
"I believe in coaching, developing and team building 100 per cent. But meanwhile the managers out there, they are all good and they believe in that as well. 
"So, if they start spending then if we don't spend you will have a problem. I am not sure they can do that for the next 10 years though."
Liverpool have only made one major signing in this window in the form of 
.
But Klopp said he is not concerned about being outspent. 
He added: "We're in good hands and we know about responsibility. The moment you build a team doesn't mean you do it new every year. 
"It's not worrying that other teams can spend, it's a fact so we have to react to that as well."
Liverpool are looking for their first Premier League win of the calendar year so far. 
They've already been 
 and 
. 
 Conte 'to quit Spurs at end of season with club not offering him new deal'
 Man Utd Treble winner looks unrecognisable with huge beard as he poses with beer
 Victoria Beckham gets wrapped up in David's coat while watching Romeo
 Defoe dumped partner called Donna and their dog to date wife Donna
&copy