Author: James Flanders
SHOPPERS are rushing to buy a "magnificent" Ninja air fryer dupe that costs £71 less than the real thing.
These cooking gadgets make cooking easy, use less oil, and can help you cut back on your 
.
With this in mind, shoppers are rushing to 
 to get their hands on a duel basket air fryer for just £129.
And several excited shoppers have left countless positive reviews of the 
.
One happy 
 left a review on Very.com and said: "Wished I'd bought this months ago. It cooks beautifully in quick time and is easy to use. The two large draws are a great size."
A second shopper said: "It's a magnificent duel fryer - the best thing I've bought in years and I haven't stopped using it from the day that it arrived."
"Brought this about a month ago - it's great and I haven't used the oven since 
," said another shopper.
The Daewoo 8ltr air fryer comes with a 60-minute timer and precise temperature control.
The gadget comes with eight cooking modes.
And these functions allow for cooking everything from fries and chips, roasting meats, seafood, and chicken, dehydrating fruit and veg, and even baking and cooking pizzas.
But, the 
 is only available online and shoppers will be charged for delivery unless they opt for click and collect.
Very.com charges customers £3.99 for standard delivery and £4.99 for a nominated day.
The gadget is also selling fast and registering as low in stock on on Very's website so you'll need to act fast if this is the air fryer for you.
But if you are thinking of buying an air fryer, it's also worth having a quick 
 first as you might be able to find a similar product cheaper elsewhere.
Prices vary by model, size and retailer so it's worth having a browse elsewhere before you make a decision.
Ninja's slightly smaller 7.6ltr duel basket air fryer costs £200 from 
 - a whole £71 more expensive than the larger 8ltr Daewoo air fryer from Very.com.
The Daewoo air fryer is the cheapest we've found of its size online.
But if you don't need two baskets and are happy to opt for the one you can spend £93.99 at Robert Dyas on the 8ltr Salter Digital Air Fryer.
Costco is also selling a 
.
But be aware that not everyone will be able to pick up the bargain fryer as it's only available to 
.
Shoppers were left 
 after the Tower 2ltr compact air fryer returned to shelves.
The gadget was last available 
 back in September last year.
The air fryer cost just £29 and was available in B&M stores across the country.
 Martin Lewis’ urgent warning over direct debits that could see you paying more
 I visited UK's smallest house - but it's TOO tiny ... I hated it
 Exact amount PIP will rise this year - will you be better off?
 Major mobile network to scrap free data roaming in Europe for millions
&copy