Author: Georgina Young
LARVITAR was a popular choice for January’s Community Day, and the last week of the month won’t disappoint.
While Tapu Koko had been previously available in Pokémon Go, this is the first time you’ll be able to catch its shiny form.
This week focuses on Electric-type 
, so you’ll want to get involved if these are your favourites.
Here’s everything that’s happening in 
 from January 23, to January 29.
This week’s Spotlight Hour will take place on 
, from 
 local time.
Tynamo hasn’t been in the game for long, so it’s an exciting spotlight for those who haven’t grabbed one yet.
As is the theme of the week Tynamo is an Electric-type that can evolve into Eelektrik and Eelektross.
You’ll also earn double candy for any Pokémon you catch during this hour.
Raid hour will take place on 
from 
 local time.
During this hour Tapu Koko the Electric/Fairy-type ‘mon will appear in every gym as a five-star raid.
This is the first time that players will be able to catch a shiny Tapu Koko, so it’s likely to be a popular target.
If you have a team of players ready, this is a great chance to try your luck.
The Go Battle League will change on 
 at 9pm GMT UK time.
While the Great League will be staying, the Weather Cup will be leaving the Battle League this week.
It will make way for the Electric Cup, which has a maximum CP limit of 1.5k.
As expected only Electric-type Pokémon are allowed to enter, though Charjabug and Unovan Stunfisk are banned from the tournament.
The Crackling Voltage event will start on 
at 
 local time.
This event will focus on Electric-type Pokémon to coincide with the release of shiny Tapu Koko in the game.
It will end on 
, but what will happen during the event has yet to be announced.
Looking for tips and tricks across your favourite consoles and games? We have you covered...
Get all of the latest 
, 
 and other 
 here
 
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy