Author: Keira Clarke
EYELINER is usually one of the trickiest makeup products to contend with. 
But it’s worth it as a crisp eyeline can really elevate your look. 
One beauty fan has revealed a genius trick for getting eyeshadow lines that are razor-sharp and can be done in seconds.
The hack is simple, first she gets some dark eyeshadow that is black or close to black. 
Then she dips her finger in the eyeshadow and rubs it across her upper eyelid close to the lash line. 
Make sure your eye is closed and your finger is dry so that the product does not smudge.
For this, you don't want to start right in the corner of your eyelid.
You want to start a few centimetres from the corner of your eye so that your eyeshadow creates a nice curve. 
Once you create a rough eyeshadow line it may it look a bit weird but trust the process. 
For the next step you will need a cotton bud. 
Make sure your cotton bud is a little bit damp or wet and use it to carve out the top of your eyeshadow line. 
If you wish to have a thinner eyeshadow line simply start cleaning it up closer to the middle. 
Don’t forget to go back to the corner of your eyeshadow line to create nice a building curve.
When you do the next eye make sure use the same finger on your alternate hand, so that when you apply the eyeshadow it’s close to the same thickness as on your first eye. 
You can use the cotton bud to wipe away any excess around your eyes.
For a more elevated look you can apply concealer just below the eyeshadow line on the outer corners of your eyes. 
This will give your eyes gentle lift and can help cover up any wrinkles. 
Byarianecruzgui's finished product looks like professional eyeliner. 
Her video went viral online with over 1 million views and viewers were amazed at the hack.  
One viewer said: “Need to try.”
Another said: “Such a good hack.”
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 I’m a gypsy girl & never go to the toilet in our caravans, it has a different use
 Multi-millionaire on Rich House Poor House pays broke man £50k a year
&copy