Author: Sarah Hooper
TEN people have died after a mass shooting in southern California, police have said, as they continue to scour the area for the man responsible.
The horror unfolded last night when a gunman, reportedly with a semi-automatic weapon, opened fire at a dance club as people were celebrating Lunar New Year.
Police said it's too early in the investigation to know if the gunman knew anyone at the location of the shooting or if it was a hate crime.
Shots rang out at 10:22pm in Monterey Park, California, an area with a large Chinese population.
The name of the dance club which the shooting unfolded has  been named on social media: Star Ballroom Dance Studio.
An event called "Star Night" had been advertised on their website, and took place from 8pm to 11:30pm - but it remains unclear if this is exactly where the shooting took place.
Reports of at least 10 additional victims with various conditions was released by police, but are receiving treatment at hospitals.
Wong Wei, who lives nearby, 
his friend was at the dance club when the shooter entered with a semiautomatic gun and began firing indiscriminately.
When she came out, Wong's friend saw a gunman and three bodies - two women and one person who he said was the boss of the club.
Tens of thousands had gathered Saturday for the start of a two-day festival celebrating the Lunar New Year, one of the largest in the region.
Restaurant owner Seung Won Choi was across from where the shooting happened when three people rushed into his restaurant and told him to lock the door.
They mentioned a man with a machine gun, who had multiple rounds of ammunition.
John, 27, who declined to give his last name, lives near the shooting site and told the LA Times he heard gunshots after arriving home at 10pm.
He said he went downstairs at around 11:20 p.m. to see if the shooting occurred at the Lunar New Year festival.
John said: “My first concern was I know they’re having a Lunar New Year celebration."
He went to the scene of the shooting and saw one person being put on a stretcher, with another having a bandaged arm.
Video on social media showed police and fire units on Garvey Avenue and treating victims.
Monterey Park is a city of about 60,000 people with a large Asian population that’s about 10 miles from downtown Los Angeles.
Los Angeles city controller Kenneth Mejia, the first Asian American to hold citywide office in L.A., tweeted: "Our hearts go out to those who lost loved ones tonight in our neighboring city, Monterey Park, where a mass shooting just occurred."
It's unclear if the shooting was racially motivated, but California has seen an increase in anti-Asian crime, with hate crimes against Asians 
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy