Author: Nina Clevinger
KYLIE Jenner and Travis Scott welcomed their second child in February 2022.
On January 21, 2022, Kylie took to Instagram to finally reveal her son's new name.
Kylie, 25, and Travis, 31, 
 on Wednesday, February 2, 2022, according to their social media pages. 
The celebrity couple initially took to Instagram to reveal that their 
 shortly after fans speculated it may have been Angel. 
On March 21, 2022, the reality star announced the couple 
 from Wolf to something else, claiming it didn't fit him.
The beauty mogul shared a number of the baby's photos —which did not reveal his face — on Instagram and wrote: 
"FYI our sons name isn't Wolf anymore. We just really didn't feel like it was him. Just wanted to share because I keep seeing Wolf everywhere."
On January 21, 2022, Kylie 
 four photos of her son and revealed his new name to be Aire.
Prior to the baby's name being revealed as Aire, fans speculated between multiple name possibilities.
Before Aire was revealed, there were a few clues indicating that the new name might be Jacques or Jack.
Travis' legal name is Jacques Berman Webster II.
Kylie first sparked rumors that her son’s name was Jacob after sharing a video montage on Mother’s Day.
The song playing during the video was ‘To Our Daughter’ by the artist My Best Friend Jacob. 
Fans wondered if it was a hint to her son's name. 
Some fans believed her son's name was Knight after "an Instagram account claiming to be 
 'leaked' the baby's name, according to 
. 
Despite all the speculation, in the season two finale of The Kardashians — which aired on Hulu on Thursday, November 24 — the make-up mogul shared that her son's name was still Wolf Jacques Webster.
"This year has been very transformative for me," Jenner said in a confessional. "There's so many amazing things that I'm really excited about, [to] hang out with my babies and really dive in to my work."
She added: "My baby's name is still Wolf, I'll let you guys know when I change it. Maybe I'll tell you guys in season three."
Amidst all the name drama, Kylie was even accused of 
.
The Kardashian family members have expressed their thoughts on Aire in the comments section of Kylie's Instagram post.
Khloé Kardashian said: "The king!!! Young king!!!!!" followed by multiple crown emojis, heart emojis, and a goat emoji.
Kris Jenner commented: "I love you Aire Webster" followed by a red heart.
A host of other celebrities also joined the comments section, including Hailey Bieber and 
.
Before the new name was revealed, Caitlyn Jenner told 
 that she knew the baby's new name, but that it was Kylie and Travis' secret to share. 
Caitlyn explained: "When you have a little child, you know the little baby comes out and you think of what it should be, but then you get them in your arms and you play with them and spend time with them and say, ‘I don’t know if that name fits, maybe it’s another name.'"
Kylie previously shared a YouTube video titled To Our Son, dedicated to her baby boy. 
The clip included messages from all of the Kardashian family, including sisters Kourtney, Kim, Khloé, and Kendall. 
The clip documented her pregnancy journey with her second child. 
Near the end of the sweet video, Kris Jenner sent an emotional message to her grandson leading up to his birth. 
She began: "To my new grandchild - who I cannot wait for you to get here - I think about you every day and I'm just really excited to meet you and to welcome you into the family."
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy