Author: Danny Collins
LISA Marie Presley tragically passed away on January 12, 2023, after suffering a cardiac arrest at her home in California.
She leaves behind her daughter 
, as well as the 14-year-old twins she shared with American musician 
. Here's what we know about him.
Michael Lockwood was born on May 22, 1961, and is a guitarist and producer from 
, 
.
Despite his musical gift, he is best known for being married to 
.
He attended school in Bakersfield before branching out into the music industry.
He collaborated with artists including Aimee Mann, Fiona Apple, Carly Simon, Bijou Phillips, Alana David, and Ben Taylor.
In 1985, he joined unsigned band Lions & Ghosts leading them to be signed by EMI, before they split in 1989.
The guitarist later formed a local power pop bank named Wink, before his high-profile marriage to 
's only daughter.
Lockwood tied the knot with 
 during a lavish ceremony in 
 in 2006, where her first husband 
 acted as best man.
The couple had first got together in 2004 when the 
-born socialite hired the guitarist to become her musical director for $3,500 a week, working together on her song Now What.
But they soon fell in love on the road and 
 - so organised a traditional Japanese ceremony in Kyoto.
Lisa Marie walked with her mum 
 down the aisle, while her daughter Riley Keough was maid of honour and 
 a groomsman.
Two years after their extravagant oriental wedding, Lisa Marie gave birth to 
, Finley Aaron Love Lockwood and Harper Vivienne Ann Lockwood on October 7, 2008.
However, their 
 in June 2016 after ten years.
, the only child of Elvis and his 
, cited “irreconcilable differences” with her fourth husband in divorce papers filed at court in LA.
It kicked off a lengthy custody battle between her and Lockwood, that only came to an end in 2021.
Shortly after announcing their separation, the mum made claims that she had found a stash of indecent images on her estranged husband's computer.
The couple's twins were taken into protective custody after Lisa Marie 
 by the photos and videos.
Lockwood did not face any criminal charges following a probe by The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation. 
.
According to Radar Online, their 
 was dragged out amid rows over child support payments.
The pair had a prenup that prevented Lockwood from claiming any spousal support, before they finally came to a settlement that was not made public.
They shared 50/50 custody of the twins.
Lockwood went on to remarry 
 in October 2022.
Following Lisa Marie's death, 
 reported Lockwood will get full custody of their twin daughters.
suffered a 
 and 
, at the age of 54.
Paramedics tried to revive the singer and performed CPR on her after she was found unresponsive in her Calabasas home.
Her mother 
 that her "beautiful daughter" has passed just two days after she made an appearance at the 
 on January 10, 2023.
In wake of 
, Lockwood said his "world has been turned on its ear."
His lawyer Joe Yanny said in a statement to Entertainment Tonight: "Michael had been hoping for a speedy and complete recovery because her children needed her.
"It is very sad it didn’t turn out that way. Michael’s world has been turned on its ear.
"He is with both of his daughters now."
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy