Author: Jessica Lester
THE Masked Singer fans were left in shock tonight after Rubbish was unmasked as a major Scottish sportsman. 
The masked star had been guessed as a number of celebs, including 
 and JLS singer Marvin Humes, over the past three weeks of competition. 
However, Saturday night's show saw Rubbish unmasked as seven-times snooker world champion 
. 
After going head-to-head with Jacket Potato in the sing off, the judges voted to unmask the mystery star. 
But only Jonathan Ross was hot on the tail of the snooker champion, after noticing the rubbish inside the bin was the same colours as snooker balls, and Rubbish as the table. 
"Snooker balls are red, yellow, blue, pink, black," Jonathan, 62, said before guessing fellow player and current champion Ronnie O'Sullivan.
However, as the masked star was ordered to take off his mask - he left the audience speechless, as Stephen, 54, appeared from underneath. 
Stephen - who has won the world championship seven times - admitted he opted to take part because he "loved the show". 
He told viewers after lifting off the mask : "I thought it was so obvious because it was me.
"I love the show and it's way out of my comfort zone so I thought why not let's give it a go.”
Fans at home were left in shock, and took to Twitter to react.
One wrote: "He has us all snookered!" while a second chimed in: "I got the sport, but no way I would've guessed that!"
"That was a brilliant reveal! I'd never have got that in a million years," a third said, while a fourth added: "Stephen! Brilliant!"
"Hendry is a legend!" a fifth celebrated, while a seventh said: "You've pulled off a class act, Stephen, pure legend."
It comes after fans were left certain that Rubbish was 
 after a car-related clue on screen.
Paddy, 48, is one of the three presenters on the car show, and previously fronted ITV dating show Take Me Out.
During his VT, Rubbish told fans watching at home: "I might be a bin, but you can't take me out that easy.
"You're asking, what's your angle? Well, going green is important to me. It's amazing what you can find thrown out."
A second shot saw a formula one car placed on top of the bin, as the celeb said: "It's about re-using."
Stephen later revealed how the clues related to him, as he explained he played snooker at the Grand Prix. 
The star also revealed he was still the youngest ever world champion, and that he couldn't be "taken out" by the competition.
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy