Author: Katrina Schollenberger
JODI Arias is a convicted killer who brutally murdered her ex-boyfriend Travis Alexander.
Bad Behind Bars: Jodi Arias, a Lifetime movie about Arias and the case, is premiering on Saturday, January 21, 2023, at 8pm.
Arias was convicted of murdering ex-boyfriend Travis Alexander - who feared he would be found dead as his ex stalked him.
The aspiring “sex-crazed” photographer had been obsessed with her former flame, which culminated in her killing him and then attempting to cover her tracks.
Arias murdered Alexander — a motivational speaker — in June 2008.
The pair split up in 2007 but continued to exchange explicit texts.
Arias was obsessed with her former partner, the trial heard, and began to stalk him.
She showed up at his home with a knife and pistol and attacked Alexander.
His body was found days later in a shower at his home in Mesa, Arizona, by concerned friends.
His corpse was badly decomposed and bloated. Stab and slash wounds were found.
On examination, Alexander was found to have been shot in the head, had his throat slashed, and was stabbed 29 times.
There were cuts on his hands suggesting he tried to defend himself.
Arias is currently locked up in the Arizona State Prison Complex where she will spend the rest of her life.
It is understood she started her sentence in the jail’s maximum-security Lumley Unit.
Reportedly, only one juror stood between a life sentence and the death penalty in Arias's trial.
“Eleven of us strived for justice for Travis, but to no avail,” one of the jurors said in a group audio news conference following the verdict reading, according to 
. 
“We absolutely thought [the punishment] should be death.”
Arias is serving a life sentence and will not be released from prison.
She is serving the sentence without the possibility of parole.
After being arrested and quizzed by police, she first spun a home invasion story.
However, she then admitted to being the killer, although she claimed to be acting in self-defense.
The highly-publicized trial detailed the couple’s sadomasochistic love life and rocky relationship.
Arias converted to Mormonism in 2006 when she began to date Alexander, who was already a devout Mormon.
Although they were outwardly dedicated to their faith, they immediately developed a sexual relationship, despite the religion's strict ban on premarital sex.
There have been multiple films made about Arias.
True crime fans can watch Bad Behind Bars: Jodi Arias on Saturday, January 21, 2023, at 8pm on the Lifetime channel.
As reported by 
, it centers around when Arias was awaiting her trial and formed close friendships with two of her cellmates, Donavan Bering and Tracy Brown. 
According to the outlet, Lifetime named its 2013 TV film titled Jodi Arias: Dirty Little Secret as "one of its most successful true crime movies."
It is available to watch on Hulu, Amazon Prime Video, and Lifetime Movie Club.
, Amazon Prime Video, The Roku Channel, Philo, and Apple TV. 
It's a three-part documentary detailing the cold-blooded murder of Alexander and the disturbing case that captivated our nation.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy