Author: Jane Atkinson
Now 
 has 
 out of them and 
 displayed hers in a see-through dress as she and 
 recently r
.
But these 
 can be more than just a fashion statement. 
They can help you drop an entire dress size in a matter of seconds.
Celebrity stylist Lara Grayson said: “Shapewear has become a fashion staple, not just as undergarments but as outerwear.
“Just look at the Kardashians, who have made this their 
.
“The VPL is on the catwalks, with sheer layering being one of spring 2023’s biggest trends for designers 
, 
 and Miu Miu.
“Shapewear has always been celebrities’ biggest red-carpet secret for an hourglass figure, but now they’re turning it into ­outer-wear and something to step out in during the daytime.
“It not only sucks you in at all the right places and show-cases your curves with full body coverage, it can help you drop a dress size or two.”
Today, we bring you the high street’s best shapewear – modelled by size 12 Nina, who gives her slimming verdict on each – so you can hide 
 indulgence and slip into clothes you had thought were now too small.
THE material feels nice and comfy but they’re not really holding me in as much as I would like, especially on the bum. 
I expected more of a lift.
THESE don’t feel very breathable and don’t hug me in the right places. 
I also feel like it’s not a strong enough fabric to pull me in where I need it the most.
I WOULD not usually go for a full-on shapewear bodysuit but it does feel expensive as well as holding my tummy in well.
I LIKE the style of these but they don’t really hold me in where I need them to. 
And they are really digging into my legs, which is uncomfortable.
THEY feel really luxurious and are a really good shape for me.
They nicely cover up my hips, which I feel is my problem area.
THESE feel really stretchy and comfortable. 
One of my faves and I would definitely wear them because they feel like normal underwear.
VERY soft-feeling to wear, but I really don’t like how they cut off at my leg and they don’t really enhance my shape at all.
MY favourites. 
They completely suck me in everywhere I need, while being really comfortable. 
It’s just a shame they are the most expensive.
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 Sleep expert reveals how to stay warm at night without putting the heating on
 I worked at Tesco and there’s a reason we always try to talk to you at the tills
&copy