Author: Olivia Marshall
WE'RE feeling the nip of the cold air now that winter is here - which means everyone is wrapping up tight.
And while the current 
 (EPG) has bills capped at £2,500, you'll still want the cheapest tricks in the book to 
 your home.
That makes it more important than ever to 
 where you can.
So when you're trying to get cosy on a chilly evening, you may think about reaching for a 
 or an 
. 
But which one costs more to run? We've taken a look at the numbers.
Many people use an 
 to warm their beds before they get in, popping them under the sheets just before bedtime.
The price of running 
 depends on what model you have and how much you use it. 
It's important to note these prices are an estimate - how much you spend will always depend on which model you have and how much you use it.
But, on average, Utilita Energy estimates it will cost 10p 
 a heated blanket for one hour a day for seven days. 
 per night for the coldest four months of the year, that's 91 nights and a total cost of £1.92.
If you used it for seven hours a night over that period of time, the annual cost would be £9.02.
Of course, every extra hour you use it increases this cost, and the exact cost will depend on your 
.
The average hot water bottle has a capacity of 1.5 litres, or six cups, and will stay warm for hours.
But you will 
 to heat that water up in the first place.
It's not advisable to put boiling water into a hot water bottle, as this can corrode the rubber and cause leaks.
However, you can put nearly boiling water in there - so by all means fill the kettle up, but leave it to cool slightly before transferring the liquid to your hot water bottle.
Using a hot water bottle cover or simply wrapping a towel or blanket around it will 
, and ensure it's not too hot to touch.
To fill six cups of water, enough to fill a hot water bottle, this will cost £5.81 - this is if you just use the bottle at night - for 91 nights.
If you filled your hot water bottle once in the morning, and again at night, this will cost you £10.92 for the same period.
The electric blanket comes out cheaper, compared to filling your hot water bottle.
Of course, which method you choose will depend on your individual preference.
You could also argue that the electric blanket is larger so will keep more of you warm, and should also feel hotter.
Don't forget to factor in the cost of buying the item in the first place too.
We recently did a round-up of the 
, and the cheapest was just £19. 
And remember, the actual cost of energy will depend on your tariff and how long you use your appliances for.
As part of the Autumn Statement, it was revealed 
Eight million households currently get 
 worth up to £650, but eligibility criteria could change under any new rules.
Right now, eligibility includes those on:
Pensioners will also be getting a 
.
The current "
 
 payment" is being 
 to millions on a low income.
You qualify under the current rules if you normally get the 
, but this could change under the new rules.
The £300 
 payment is paid on top of the other winter support.
You'll need to be:
Struggling families are eligible for the 
 to help them tackle the 
.
The scheme is where eligible households can get £150 off their 
 each winter - but you'll have to wait until the colder months to get the money off.
Households in England and Wales don't need to apply to get the cash and 
 if they are receiving certain benefits.
You can read more about who's eligible 
.
There are plenty of energy grants and schemes open to help you out if you're struggling.
British Gas has recently confirmed that it'll pay its most vulnerable customers 
.
Ask your supplier what's on offer and how to apply, or check here:
There's also 
 if you're on a prepayment metre.
And for more on what the Autumn Statement means for you, read 
 Martin Lewis’ urgent warning over direct debits that could see you paying more
 I visited UK's smallest house - but it's TOO tiny ... I hated it
 Exact amount PIP will rise this year - will you be better off?
 Major mobile network to scrap free data roaming in Europe for millions
&copy