Author: Alice Fuller
MORE freezing fog could bring dangerous driving conditions tomorrow as the cold snap continues.
The haze could be so dense in some areas that visibility falls to below 100 metres, the Met Office has warned.
Forecasters have issued a yellow 
 warning for fog for parts of England, including the South East, East Anglia, Midlands and Yorkshire. 
It is in force from 2am until at least 11am on Sunday and urges anyone travelling to take extra care. 
Delays on roads and train lines are "probable", while untreated surfaces could become slippery.
Flights could also be held up or cancelled, it is feared. 
The Met Office said: "Freezing fog will lead to difficult driving conditions and could cause travel delays in some areas on Saturday night and Sunday morning.
"[This is] expected to develop on Saturday night, dense in places and perhaps slow to clear on Sunday. 
"Visibility as low as 50 to 100 metres could be encountered in a few areas and some untreated surfaces could turn icy.
"This combination means potentially difficult driving conditions."
It follows a previous fog alert which ended just before lunchtime today. 
Photos taken while it was active show an abandoned lorry on its side in Godney, 
, after a flooded road turned to ice. 
Temperatures dropped into minus figures last night, with the mercury plunging to a low of -10.2C in Braemar, Aberdeenshire. 
Kielder in Northumberland was only a fraction warmer at -7.2C, while Sennybridge in Brecknockshire recorded -8.5C.
Towns and cities further south hovered around -4C to zero. 
But the frost cleared slightly this morning, with some sunshine for much of England and Wales this afternoon. 
There were highs of 7C in the South West, 5C in London, 4C in the North and 3C in Wales, according to the Met Office.
But tonight will be another bone-chiller for those in Cambridge, where it will be a biting -4C in the early hours, maps show.
Elsewhere in England temperatures will drop to -3C, while Wales will see lows of -2C, and Scotland in low-to-mid single figures, forecasters say. 
It comes after temperatures plunged below -10C in parts of the UK this week amid snowy and icy conditions.
Drumnadrochit near Inverness in the Highlands hit -10.4C in the early hours of Thursday, making it the coldest recorded temperature of the year so far.
 both its runways for a period due to heavy snowfall.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy