Author: Amanda Devlin
DAVID Haye has finally addressed being in a "throuple" - as he pledged to protect his girlfriends Una Healy and 
Osborne.
He arrived alone to watch 
's sold-out fight between 
 at Manchester AO Arena.
Boxing legend 
 was quizzed on his three-way relationship with girlfriend 
 and The Saturdays star Una. 
 appeared to confirm his romance with both women as he arrived at tonight's event, but insisted: “I like to keep my private life private."
He told Pro Boxing Fans: "I let people in through my social media a little bit, but what I do behind closed doors is between me and the girls involved.
“So yeah, I don’t really want to go into all that.”
The Sun previously revealed 
The former cruiserweight created a profile using photographs of him and his girlfriend 
 last summer.
Insiders revealed the pair spoke to a number of potential dates before they started speaking to pop star 
.
A friend said: “
 and Sian created a profile on 
 to find the perfect partner to enter their relationship.
“The app is very exclusive and discreet – which was perfect for them exploring their options.
“David and Sian were very much in this arrangement together and after being together for two years decided to open their relationship up.
“The profile was under David’s name and there were photographs of him and Sian together and glamorous photographs of her from around the world.
“As part of their profile they said they were ‘seeing what’s out there,’ and said they wanted to try ‘new experiences’.
“They spoke to a few people before being introduced to Una and they hit it off immediately.”
Their three-way relationship was revealed as they spent the New Year together in Marrakech.
Una shared a photograph of David holding hands with both her and Sian on Instagram last month.
David also posted an 
 snap of the three in a pool, with his arms around Una and Sian – who he started dating in 2020.
He wrote: “If a picture says a thousand words, then this one says exactly what it needs to.
“I’ve started Jan first with the correct energy, surrounding myself with understanding beautiful human beings, who do not judge, but instead accept me for my authentic self.”
David has a son from his marriage to his former wife Natasha that ended in 2016.
Una was wed to rugby player 
, 37.
They have a daughter aged ten, and son, seven, but split in 2018 after it was revealed he cheated on her.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy