Author: Mel Hunter
AS people mark the Chinese New Year tomorrow, I have searched the globe for inspirational ideas about money.
In the 
, many will be hopping to bounce back to better times.
So here is some international advice to inspire you in the tough months ahead.
 The 
 have nailed it when it comes to eating their way to happiness, so they might just have the right attitude to money too.
One comforting Italian saying is: “A happy heart is better than a full purse.” 
We’ll raise a glass of 
 to that.
 There’s a 
 proverb that says, “If small money does not go out, big money will not come in.”
You can apply it to savings or a pension. It’s also worth remembering if you’re trying to grow your own business or start a side hustle, spending a little on new skills could reap big rewards. 
For more Chinese wisdom, a box of 12 Silk Road fortune cookies is £1.75 from 
, or you can make your own.
There’s an easy-to-follow recipe at 
.
 The 
 proverb — “Save money and money will save you.” — is a lesson for life, though tricky to stick to when money is tight. 
Remind yourself that even putting a little away can add up in the long term.
You could use the inspiring quote from the 
 island to make your own money mantra poster at 
.
 If you are a chocolate lover, head to 
 for some tongue-in-cheek wisdom for your wall.
You can buy a poster which reads: “It is true that money doesn’t buy you happiness, but it does buy you chocolate which is kind of the same thing.”
A4 prints start at £2.98.
 No words are needed with The Manifestation Colouring Book, £5, from The Works.
No matter where you are in the world, you can think yourself rich, or happy, with some imaginative and mindful colouring.
BRIGHTEN up cold days with this colourful high-neck jumper from 
, now half price at £10.
£10
GIVE your home a warm glow this winter with Dunelm’s special-buy Sicily touch table lamp, £5.60.
HOBBYCRAFT’S January sale is here for all your artistic needs, with some items now half price. 
The deal includes tubes of Pebeo acrylic paint, down from £4 to £2.
THE Jiraya Berber-style rug, above, is £60.50 at La Redoute.
But the Sherpa rug, below, is £39.99 and available to pre-order from today at 
 or pick up in store from Thursday.
£20.51
GERMAN Doner Kebab is offering its mains for £5 this month, Monday to Thursday. 
The offer can also be used with 
 “make it a meal” option, adding fries and a soft drink for £3.50.
GET £5 off when you book a minimum £40 online click-and-collect order before January 30 at 
. 
See 
 for details.
£5
IT’S the last day tomorrow to save 25 per cent on winter clothing, including coats and jumpers, with 
. 
The offer is online only.
JOIN thousands of readers taking part in The Sun Raffle.
Every month we’re giving away £100 to 250 lucky readers - whether you’re saving up or just in need of some extra cash, The Sun could have you covered.
Every Sun Savers code entered equals one Raffle ticket.
The more codes you enter, the more tickets you'll earn and the more chance you will have of winning!
 Martin Lewis’ urgent warning over direct debits that could see you paying more
 I visited UK's smallest house - but it's TOO tiny ... I hated it
 Exact amount PIP will rise this year - will you be better off?
 Major mobile network to scrap free data roaming in Europe for millions
&copy