Author: Jessica Lester
LOVE Island fans have all made the same complaint about the two new Australian bombshells due to enter the villa. 
The pair - who appeared on the Aussie version of the ITV2 show - have hit out that the couples won't work out on the outside due to "distance".
 is set to welcome two new bombshells into the villa tomorrow night - but they may seem familiar. 
The "legendary" contestants - already 
 - have flown in from Australia.
The Sun exclusively detailed that two 
Last night, it was revealed that 
 and 
 are set to join the line-up.
However, fans have been left scratching their heads about the international arrivals, after noticing the distance the potential couples would have to face after the show. 
"What's the point," one furious fan hit out. "How are you going to find a genuine relationship if one will go back to Australia when the show's done and the other back to the UK."
A second agreed: "I’m sorry but how realistic is it for a UK/Ireland- Australian long distance relationship to work?"
A third said: "This is dumb, half the Islanders post show already can't make long distance work across the UK."
"Pointless unless they live in the UK," a fourth said, while a fifth added: "Because nothing spells success for a new relationship like living a 22-hour flight away."
A sixth said: "Long distance relationships don’t work from London to Manchester, so how is London to Melbourne gonna work..."
It comes after it was revealed that Love Island is set to be blown apart this weekend when 
An 
 source said: “The two new international recruits are essentially professional bombshells and won’t just shake up the villa - they’ll blow it apart. 
“Both of them bed-hopped, bonked and had blistering rows on their seasons of Love Island. Neither has a shred of British restraint about them. 
“They’re going to create explosive telly, just like they did the first time round. They are exactly what this series needs to cause some serious drama.”
There are 
 around the world.
For now ITV is remaining coy about where their secret weapons are from, but only the Australian and American versions of the show are streamed on 
.
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy