Author: Jorge Solis
FANS have spotted a painful-looking detail on Kim Kardashian during her justice reform panel.
On January 20th, The Kardashians star participated in a justice reform panel with Criminal Justice Reform Advocate Lori Rothschild Ansaldi.
In her 
 post, Kim, 42, mentioned she spoke about the case of Kevin Keith at the panel.
She claimed Kevin had been allegedly "locked up for 29 years for a crime he did not commit."
Kim captioned the post: "I had the honor of visiting Kevin Keith in prison in Ohio after meeting his whole family."
Fashion critics praised the Hulu star for wearing a full-length stylish gray jacket with matching pants.  
One fan cheered: "This outfit! Dying!" while another fan gushed: "I would KILL for that outfit."
In the comments section, other critics mocked the reality star and her unmanicured fingertips.
One critic said: "Poor girl has so much money but cannot afford a manicurist."
Another critic added: "What happened to your nails?"
A third critic said: "Anyone else notices her mani? Ouch."
A fourth person wrote: "I’m sure there’s an explanation for her bad manicure."
A commentator chimed in: "Love you Kim but your nails look so bad."
In December 2021, Kim announced she had 
 after 
 about three times in two years.
The "baby bar" is officially known as the First-Year Law Students Examination, a test taken by students - who are not attending accredited law schools - before the main bar exam, which will allow them to practice law in California.
The Skims founder recently visited the prestigious 
 in Boston, Massachusetts to give a speech.
On Friday, Kim shared a snapshot of the newly unveiled The Embrace statue located in Boston Common and another snap photo outside the school.
The SKKN mogul left the graduate business school after speaking with students for nearly two hours.
NBC10 Boston's Eli Rosenberg took to Twitter and shared 
 of the TV star walking out of a school building while being flanked by her entourage.
Eli tweeted: "Students say they learned a ton."
In another tweet, Eli revealed that Kim spoke to the students about direct-to-consumer businesses.
The TV personality wore a black and white oversized pinstripe suit with a leather-look trench-style jacket.
A Harvard Business School staffer also shared a 
 of the TV personality from inside the building.
The staffer stated: "Not every day you see Kim K at your workplace!"
Kim and her ex-husband Kanye West, 44, are the parents of four children: North, nine; Saint, six; Chicago, four; and 
, three.
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy