Author: Felicity Cross
THE two "legendary" bombshells entering the Love Island villa are the raciest wannabes ever.
Jessie Wynter, who blew the Australian version of the show apart in 2019, is one of the girls who could join the islanders tonight.
During her time she coupled up with four different men and became an Aussie 
 legend with her drama and one-liners.
Also a frontrunner is male model Aaron Waters.
He reached the final in 2020 with fiery Jess after an explosive journey that saw the blonde accused of gaslighting Aaron after a huge row over a "nip slip". 
Other epic Aussie Islanders in the mix include Anna McEvoy, Matthew Zukowski, Zoe Clish and Ryan Reid while Americans could also join. 
Ryan was one of Aaron's pals in the season three villa, which was filmed in Byron Bay, Queensland in Australia.  
And Zoe made the final with her soon-to-be-boyfriend Chris Graudins but they later split outside the villa. 
The sizzling duo have been flown over 10,000 miles to cause mayhem in Cape Town and will be seen on screen for the first time tonight. 
An 
 source told The Sun: “The two new international recruits are essentially professional bombshells and won’t just shake up the villa - they’ll blow it apart.
“Both of them bed-hopped, bonked and had blistering rows on their seasons of Love Island.
“And neither has a shred of British restraint about them. 
“They’re going to create explosive telly, just like they did the first time round.
"They are exactly what this series needs to cause some serious drama.”
The pair were both catapulted to fame after they appeared in their respective villas.
ITV streams the Australian and American versions on its hub - now known as 
 - so the two will be familiar faces to UK viewers.
Last year ITV made waves when they welcomed 2018 bad boy Adam Collard back into the villa 
 - a move that was 
 after his debut was shrouded in controversy over the way he treated the girls. 
But Australian fans were arguably treated to the most crazy twist yet, when season three winners Mitch Hibberd and Tina Provis separately returned to season four as warring exes then rekindled their love in the villa. 
Earlier today The Sun exclusively revealed how one star from the latest series had already left the villa.
Host 
 entered the plush villa in South Africa and surprised the islanders – with one shocked contestant 
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy