Author: Holly Christodoulou
A LAUGHING teacher bragged "I just stabbed him" after knifing her partner who died from his wound two days later.
Mum-of-two Carrie McGuinness, 34, stabbed Steven Davies, 39, in the stomach at his home in Pontypridd.
But she and Steven failed to take the wound seriously - meaning he suffered in agony for 48 hours before he died.
His body was discovered by a concerned pal who found him naked - bar a pair of slippers - and face-down on the bed.
Steven was kneeling in a pool of blood with two bowls containing dark red liquid on the bedside table beside him.
McGuinness has now been jailed for 15 years and six months after admitting manslaughter by diminished responsibility.
Cardiff Crown Court heard how she had been a teacher with a "bright future".
But she suffered financial issues after a divorce and became addicted to alcohol before starting a "volatile" relationship with Steven.
On June 10, a neighbour reported seeing McGuinness walking back from the shops with a black eye.
She told him Steven "beat me up". When asked where he was now, McGuinness laughed as she told the neighbour: "He's in the house, I just stabbed him".
The mum was also heard sobbing "I think I've killed him" while drinking a glass of vodka in the garden.
That same day, Steven called his friend and told him: "I'm dying".
He also made web searches for "vomiting blood" and "what causes blood in vomit".
Five days later, police were called to the home after Steven's friend discovered him dead on the bloodied bed.
Officers found him "cold to the touch" and his face appeared green.
A post mortem found Steven suffered a single stab wound to the left upper abdomen that had punctured his bowel causing faeces to flood his abdominal cavity.
The pathologist concluded he had suffered the injury at least 36 to 48 hours before his death and said Steven could have lain dead for several days before he was discovered.
McGuinness was arrested on suspicion of murder and told officers: "I know I haven't done anything".
Prosecutors dropped the murder charge after her lawyers argued she was suffering from severe alcohol dependence syndrome which caused an "abnormality of mental function".
Speaking at the sentencing today, Steven's mum Donna Owen said: "My beautiful baby boy who has been tragically taken from us. We are heartbroken and absolutely devastated.
"Our lives have been ripped apart and destroyed and will never ever be the same again.
“Steven had a heart of gold and would help anyone before thinking of himself and always have time for anyone.
"He was a polite and well-mannered young man. He was a loving, doting brother to Adrianne, they were each other’s world."
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy