Author: Kevin Quinitchett
The Last of Us features a cast led by Game of Thrones alums 
 and Bella Ramsey.
Based on the characters from the video game franchise of the same name, The Last of Us cast includes:
On February 10, 2021, it was announced 
 was cast to play the show's lead character Joel Miller.
Pascal's Game of Thrones co-star Bella Ramsey was also cast to play opposite of him as the program's other lead figure Ellie.
Regarding his reunion with Ramsey, Pascal told 
: "To have two characters that the fans liked make their entrance and make their exit is parallel for the both of us and a kind of bonding thing before we even got a chance to bond.
"I feel like it made us come from a family without knowing each other already.
"There was so much time we got to spend together on set that it was almost weird when we weren't together, as far as shooting was concerned."
The Wonder Woman 1984 star added: "There was this fascinating thing that would happen, we were just kind of in our own bubble no matter what.
"That almost became a little frustrating for our directors. The bond could never intentionally leave anybody out, but what became less hard was stepping into each other's presence and being together.
"What I loved the most is the way that things sing around the central relationship of Ellie and Joel, and somehow directly affecting our journey and our arc but also the audience's experience of the whole piece."
Meanwhile, Ramsey shared similar sentiments to Pascal's and commented: "We took care of each other quite well, I think.
"I think it was just the case of recognizing the pressure we were putting on ourselves.
"I don't think that I'd be an actor if it wasn't for Game of Thrones, 'cause I never really set out to be one, and then it sort of happened.
"It set me up and prepared me for The Last of Us, and all my other projects, in ways that I don't think anything else could."


On January 15, 2023, The Last of Us premiered its first season via HBO.
New episodes of the series are scheduled every Sunday at 9pm EST.
For fans who miss the new episode's airtime, there are streaming options available as well.
The Last of Us is streamable to subscribers of HBO Max, Hulu, and Amazon Prime.
The first installment of the gaming franchise was released in June 2013.
The Last of Us is adapted from a survival horror game where players follow the adventure of Joel and Ellie in the post-apocalyptic United States.
Joel is a middle-aged man who lost his family when an infection began 20 years before the events of the game.
He's since become a smuggler and has been given the task of chaperoning 14-year-old Ellie to the base of a rebel group called the Fireflies.
Things don't go according to plan as Joel learns more about Ellie and realizes how important she really is.
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 ITV 'axes' quiz show after first series
&copy