Author: Danielle Cinone
A MOM of two disappeared over two years ago before cops had found puzzling clues from a chipmunk alibi and tranquilizer gun to a bizarre spy pen. 
After 
, 49, vanished on Mother’s Day 2020, 
 was arrested for her murder in May 2021, but 
 in April 2022.
The Colorado mom's body has still yet to be discovered, but investigators have found some chilling clues into Suzanne's disappearance. 
Suzanne had just celebrated her 49th birthday day before she went missing on May 10, 2020, from the $1.7million Salida mansion she shared with her husband and their two adult daughters 
.  
She had allegedly gone for a bike ride and never returned. A neighbor raised the alarm after Mallory and Macy were unable to contact her upon returning from a camping trip to Idaho. 
Barry reportedly was with Suzanne in their home the day before she disappeared. 
On May 10, 2020, Barry woke up at 4.30am to go to a job site in Broomfield, saw Suzanne sleeping, and then left the house by 5am, 
 reported.
Officials in Chaffee County received a report of a missing woman, sparking a search as drones and scent-tracking dogs were used to try and track down the former teacher.
Police crews conducted various searches near her home in Salida and received more than 1,000 tip-offs.
Authorities used dive teams as they searched for Suzanne but she remains missing and authorities don't know where her body is located.
The "48 Hours" news release for The Suzanne Morphew Case: Nothing Is What It Seems explained how investigators noticed Barry’s cell phone "appeared to be pinging all around his house on Mother’s Day weekend 2020."
Despite their findings, Barry insists the "pinging" was due to him chasing and shooting at chipmunks.
"Investigators also found a plastic cap for a syringe that they believe was used to load a tranquilizer dart in the couple’s dryer," according to "48 Hours."
"Barry Morphew, investigators say, told them he didn’t know how the cap got there, but admitted he was an experienced tranquilizer dart gun shooter."
It was later discovered that the plastic cap had Suzanne’s DNA on it, not her husband's.
It was also revealed that 
, a device that looks like a pen and can automatically record conversations when sound is detected, due to suspicions of her husband having an affair, according to The Associated Press.
 reported in 2021 that evidence of Suzanne's alleged affair was revealed from the Spy Pen.
According to the report, the pen was placed inside Barry's car because she suspected he was cheating on her.
The pen instead captured Suzanne talking to her alleged lover as she was heard saying: "Your heart, that's what I crave. I love how you love me.
"You're the sweetest thing I've ever known."
Suzanne was 
 with her married lover before she disappeared, it was revealed on the first day of her husband's murder trial in August 2021.
During a hearing at the Chaffee County Courthouse, the court heard that Suzanne had allegedly planned to run away to Equador with Jeff Libler, a married father of six, the 
 reported.
Jeff and Suzanne – both former classmates at an Indiana high school – were having an affair for two years, the testimony revealed.
Speaking at the hearing, Chaffee County Sheriff’s Office Commander Alex Walker said police discovered the affair last year and learned that Jeff had met up with Suzanne six times.
Jeff spoke with special investigators and told them Barry learned about some of the messages being sent between him and Suzanne, KXRM-TV reported.
It was revealed in court that Jeff, a Michigan man, had suggested back in December 2019 that Equador had low living costs and good healthcare.
Suzanne had looked up language schools in the South American country after Jeff made the suggestion, according to her internet searches per the Daily Mail.
Days after the mom's disappearance, it’s reported that Barry knocked on the window of local store Poncha Marker and handed the 
It contained what he said was a description of Suzanne and asked the manager to keep an eye out for her.
The scrawl read: "Baby blue bike helmet. Bikers clothing."
But, it contained no physical description of his missing wife and he didn't leave any contact information.
Barry even offered a $100,000 reward for information on his wife's whereabouts.
He also posted videos online as he claimed he hoped for her to return home.
In a Facebook video, he said: "Oh Suzanne, if anyone is out there and can hear this, that has you, please, we’ll do whatever it takes to bring you back.
"We love you, we miss you, your girls need you. No questions asked, however much they want – I will do whatever it takes to get you back. Honey, I love you, I want you back so bad."
Barry branded Suzanne "the love of his life" as he said the pair had been in love since 1988.
"Investigators also uncovered DNA on the glovebox of Suzanne’s Range Rover, which traced back to an unknown male connected to three sexual assaults," according to "48 Hours."
Colorado Bureau of Investigation Agent Joseph Cahill testified in August 2021 that the unknown male DNA was connected to cases in Arizona and Chicago, 
 reported.
The three unknown matches were found in the Combined DNA Index System (CODIS),
Defense attorneys said Barry's DNA was excluded from the glove box sample, according to the report.
Back in May 2020, the search for Suzanne turned to her 
.
The owner of the property confirmed to 
 in Colorado that Barry was hired to lay dirt on the riverfront land.
FBI agents could be seen with buckets going through the material, according to the TV station, and an evidence response team truck was close by.
"A search being conducted at a residence on the east side of Salida in connection with the Suzanne Morphew missing person case has concluded for the day," the Chaffee County Sheriff's Office said.
"Investigators with the Chaffee County Sheriff’s Office, CBI and FBI plan to return to the site to continue the search on Saturday, May 23, 2020.
"In response to widespread rumors, the Chaffee County Sheriff’s Office relays that Ms. Morphew has not been located and there have been no arrests in the investigation."
The owner cooperated with investigators and was not connected to Morphew's disappearance, according to authorities.
 Barry was "arrested for first-degree murder even though Suzanne Morphew’s body was never found," according to"48 Hours."
It continues: "In their arrest affidavit, prosecutors spelled out what they believe happened to her:
'It had become clear that Barry could not control Suzanne’s insistence on leaving him, and he resorted to something he has done his entire life – hunt and control Suzanne like he had hunted and controlled animals.'"
Barry pleaded not guilty and later a judge granted the District Attorney's motion to dismiss the charges on April 19, 2022 - nine days before he was set to stand trial.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy