Author: Louis Regan
TODAY marks the first day of 
. 
Hopping into the year of the Rabbit
 from 2022's Year of the Tiger.
The year of the Rabbit occurs every 12 years and is known to be the luckiest out of all the twelve animals in Chinese astrology.
You are a Rabbit if your birth year falls on: 1927, 1939, 1951, 1963, 1975, 1987, 1999, 2011, 2023, 2035.
Those born in the year of the Rabbit are believed to be clever, compassionate and generous, although their negative traits include being over-cautious and vain.
The origins of 
 are thought to date back as far as the 14th century BC, when the Shang dynasty ruled.
One legend recounts how a folkloric monster named Nian would attack villagers at the start of every year. Nian was afraid of loud noises, bright lights and the colour red.
From then, people put up red couplets, hung up red lanterns, set off firecrackers, kept the lights on and stayed up late to keep safe from Nian.
Chinese New Year celebrations can last up to 16 days, but the first seven are considered a public holiday in 
.
This year, celebrations will begin on January 22nd and conclude with the Lantern Festival on February 5th.
Chinese communities up and down the UK are celebrating the New Year with fireworks, garish decorations and an abundance of authentic dishes. 
 Chinatown will be hosting a full day of family-friendly activities from January 21 to 29, including lion dancing, Chinese dancers, street food stalls and Chinese arts and crafts.
And in the capital, a dizzying array of events will be put on to celebrate right across 
. 
Celebrations will be in full flow at Trafalgar Square in central London until the early evening.
Visitors will be treated to a screen show and thanksgiving ceremony, firecrackers, speeches, the Lions’ Eye-Dotting Ceremony and much more.
Stages will pop up across London to showcase a variety of talent.
London's Chinatown will unsurprisingly be the capital's epicentre for the highlight celebrations of the Chinese New Year. 
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy