Author: Katrina Vasey
WHEN you spin the Every Spinner is a Winner wheel, you’re guaranteed a prize! One of those potential rewards is a bingo bonus.
Bingo bonuses can be a great way to play bingo without having to pay for tickets. 
There are plenty of ways to get bingo bonuses on 
.
 
Want to find out how to play free bingo and win prizes by using a bingo bonus?
Here’s all you need to know.
A bingo bonus is a credit that enables the user to purchase bingo tickets, up to a certain value, for free. 
However, there can be wagering requirements attached that you’ll need to consider.
All online bingo companies require you to have an account with their site in order to get / use a bingo bonus. 
This will come with eligibility criteria, such as proving that you are 18+ years old (through ID verification).
Many of the online bingo sites offer bingo bonuses as part of their welcome offer. 
This is a one-time deal that’s given to new players when they sign up. 
The value of the bonus and the terms and conditions of use will vary, depending on the offer.
You may also be able to get a bingo bonus through competitions and promotions. 
Make sure to check out the “Promotions” area on bingo websites. 
Any promos that offer bingo bonuses as a potential prize will often be advertised.
It might be worth checking out a bingo site’s social media pages as well. 
Sometimes, there can be competitions on Facebook, Twitter or Instagram pages that offer bingo bonuses as the prize.
The exact terms and conditions of a bingo bonus may vary between different sites and different promotions. 
Some may require you to deposit into your online bingo account first, others will be “no deposit required”.
Generally, if you are offered a bingo bonus, there will be wagering requirements.
A wagering requirement refers to the amount of money that a player will need to stake before they can make a cash withdrawal.
For instance, you might be required to wager 4x the value of the bonus before you can withdraw any cash winnings.
Often, a bingo bonus can be used to pay for only bingo tickets, not other onsite games such as slots. 
However, you are then usually free to use it on any of the bingo games available.
Depending on the bingo site that you’re using, your wager funds may be used in a particular order. 
For instance, when purchasing bingo tickets, the site may automatically first use any cash in your online balance, that’s real money from deposits and winnings from cash stakes. 
Only when that figure reaches 0 will you be able to use your bingo bonus to pay for bingo tickets.
That means you would wager funds in the following order:
1) Cash
2) Your bingo bonus
When you start to use your bingo bonus, the value of the winnings may be used to pay for further tickets before the rest of the bonus amount is used.
That means you would wager funds in the following order:
1) Cash
2) Winnings from your bonus
3) Remaining bonus amount
Make sure to check if there is an expiry date that the bonus must be used before!
There are a couple of ways to get a bingo bonus on Sun Bingo.
When you join Sun Bingo, you’ve joined a happy, sunny community that boasts one of the largest collection of online bingo players. 
To welcome you and get you started, we offer a £50 bingo bonus and 50 free spins to all new players.
To use our 
, there are some T&Cs to consider.
When you’re playing on Sun Bingo, you’ll notice the chat rooms buzzing as roomies discuss the games, their wins, how their days are going and everything in between! 
Keep a close eye out, as our excellent chat hosts just might drop in some in-chat games that offer a bingo bonus as their prize!
Do you follow Sun Bingo’s Facebook, Twitter or Instagram pages? 
Make sure to give them a like to keep up to date with everything that’s going on at Sun Bingo HQ. 
That includes daily posts about our promos, articles, quizzes and more.
We like to reward our brilliant fans. 
So, watch out for any competitions as there may be a bingo bonus prize!
Nearly all bingo sites run competitions. Often the prizes will include rewards such as bingo bonuses. Sun Bingo is just the same.
*Offer runs between 25.08.22 – 09.10.22. One free play daily for the chance to win a free bingo session, bingo bonus, cash and other prizes. One prize per player per day. 18+. T&Cs apply. 
Players can only spin once per day during the promotion period. 
Commercial content notice: Taking one of the offers featured in this article may result in a payment to The Sun. 18+. T&Cs apply. Begambleaware.org 
 
 
For help with a gambling problem, call the National Gambling Helpline on 0808 8020 133 or go to 
 to be excluded from all UK-regulated gambling websites.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy