Author: Jon Rogers
A ROMANIAN woman has said Andrew Tate sent her a creepy message when she was just 16 and still at high school.
Daria Gusa along with another teenager have described how they were approached by the 
 
 and his brother 
, appearing to use the same formula.
Describing the message she received on 
, she told the 
: "It just read 'Romanian girl' and he put some flirty emoji.
"I was confused because I [only] had 200 followers, and it was a private account."
She added: "It was obvious we were high-school girls. We had our high school in our bio and everything. I think he was just trying to find girls who were as innocent or naïve as possible, in my opinion."
She said she never replied to the message from 
, who is nearly 20 years older than her, but claimed some of her friends did.
Daria, who is now studying at university in the UK, is the daughter of a prominent Romanian politician and felt she was able to speak out.
Andrew and Tristan Tate are currently in 30-day custody in 
 as cops investigate allegations of 
 and trafficking.
Both have denied the allegations.
Andrew Tate appears to tell others in an online video how to approach women on social media.
In the recording he says:  "In my experience, what raises intrigue [and] inspires them to respond [is]… I ask where they are.
"Sometimes [for] intrigue, I'll put a completely pointless emoji on the end: some cherries, or an orange, or a strawberry."
Having shared her experiences, she says she has been accused of lying about receiving the message by many young men but they don’t find anything strange about the other allegations.
She added that many men of her age idolise the 36-year-old influencer.
In publicity for his online courses on how to manipulate and exploit women, Andrew Tate said: "I've been running a web-cam studio for over a decade… Over 50 per cent of my employees were actually my girlfriends at the time and, of all my girlfriends, NONE were in the adult entertainment industry before they met me."
He described his job as "to meet a girl, go on a few dates, sleep with her… get her to fall in love with me, to where she'd do anything I say," the publicity continues, "and then get her on web-cam so we could become rich together."
Gabriela – not her real name – says she was contacted on social media by Tristan Tate when she was 17, although she later pretended to be 19.
The initial message she received simply said: “You’re beautiful”.
She told the corporation she knew he was using the same approach with other girls, adding he always started the conversation with the exactly the same line.
Gabriela said a friend of hers got the same opening message from him.
Andrew Tate, in his online video, says the phrase “you are beautiful” isn’t bad as an opening line and then give what he describes as “a perfect example” of a conversation.
Once the woman’s location has been established, Tate, in the video, advises men to ask: "Why do I never see you? Where are you hiding?"
"99 per cent of them say [they're] not hiding.”
According to Gabriela, this is exactly what happened in her exchange.
Screenshots of the purported conversation, seen by the BBC, show his next message is exactly how Andrew Tate describes: "Feel I've seen you around town before somewhere. Is that possible? Where have you been hiding?"
Gabriela claims he invited her out in his car and to a party, although she declined.
Further screenshots of their exchange appear to show the conversation ended suddenly after she posted a video about him on social media.
One of his last messages says: "Important people will never want to write you if they see you do stuff like this. Just a friendly warning.”
There is no suggestion there is anything illegal in the Tate brothers contacting girls of 16 or 17 online, or inviting them out.
However, the testimony from these women, combined with Andrew Tate’s comments online would suggest there is a pre-planned method for initiating contact.
The messages have not been independently verified and it is not clear of the messages were sent by Andrew and Tristan Tate or someone working on their behalf.
The corporation said it had put these allegations to the Tate brothers through their lawyer.
No charges have yet been brought against the Tate brothers.
It comes after The Sun revealed Andrew Tate is still 
 for £4,000 a pop on Cameo despite being locked up.
According to the site, fans who fork out £4,100 can even get a “pep-talk” from Tate.
It comes after The Sun revealed 
 despite him facing the horrifying charges.
Adverts for the disgraced 
's programme, The Real World, were seen on the video-sharing platform this week.
Tate has spent years creating a warped empire promoting a toxic worldview.
While it masquerades as  lifestyle advice, much of the content is horribly sexist, misogynistic and promotes violence against women.
Andrew and his brother Tristain, along with 
, were detained in Bucharest by Romanian anti-organised crime prosecutors pending a criminal investigation last month.
They are 
 and persuading them to travel to their 
 on the outskirts of the country's capital.
The brothers would allegedly falsely claim to be in love with the young women, before making them 
.
 in the compound and were kept under 24/7 house arrest, according to Romanian investigators.
Prosecutors also said one of the brothers raped one of the victims in March of last year, which is when the investigation started.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy