Author: Jessica Lester
DANCING On Ice fans were left in shock last weekend by Love Island star Ekin-Su Culculoglu's sexy outfit on the rink. 
However, the raunchy see-through number isn't the only sexy moment that viewers of the ITV skating competition have been treated to since its debut 16 years ago. 
Last weekend, 
, shocked audiences with a "sexiest ever routine" on the show, which is aired pre-watershed.
The reality TV favourite was seen wearing 
 with tiny mirrors protecting her modesty - leaving little to the imagination as it hugged her curves. 
Telly watchdog 
 received 112 complaints about the outfit, as fans dubbed it the "sexiest ever performance".
But Ekin-Su isn't the only one delivering sex appeal on the rink, as a number of stars have sizzled on the ice. 
From Coronation Street's Samia Longhambon's sparkling see-through leotard to Jordie Porter's red leotard, we look back at Dancing On Ice's sexiest ever moments. 
Home and Away star and former Emmerdale actress Emily sizzled in her own naked-style dress back in the second series of the show. 
Her look from 2007, which included a sheer bodysuit and silver glitter, covered her modesty with two silver patches.
Meanwhile, the leotard was fixed with a tiny miniskirt to hide her bum while twisting and turning on the ice. 
Emily, 53, who rose to fame as Anne Costello in the Australian soap opera, pulled her hair back to draw further focus to her impressive outfit. 
Hollyoaks star Jorgie, 35, wore a similarly tiny outfit when she danced in an eighties work-out inspired look. 
During her stint on Dancing On Ice in 2021, the actress - who plays Theresa McQueen - donned a tight-fitting red leotard.
The star opted for nude-coloured tights and tiny red leg warmers, as she left her arms bare and chest on show. 
Jorgie completed her look by curling her blonde locks and keeping it off her face with a simple red headband. 
Back in 2013, Coronation Street star Samia Longchambon donned a tiny glittering outfit of her own, similar to Ekin-Su.
The Maria Connor actress opted for a sheer leotard, which was then covered in tiny silver crystals across her chest. 
She revealed her legs underneath a tiny skirt, made up of more sparkling silver tassels, cut high up her thigh. 
Her glamorous look was completed by letting her brunette hair flow down in loose waves, as she opted for a smoky eye look with her show-ready make-up. 
EastEnders actress Zaraah, 36, who currently plays Chelsea Fox in EastEnders, also opted for a very sexy look. 
Instead of silver sparkles, the actress opted for an eye-popping gold, which appeared to have cut-out panels across her torso. 
The star left her arms and chest uncovered as the nude-and-gold panelled look hugged at her curves. 
A tassled skirt covered her behind, while she wore nude tights to keep warm from the freezing ice below. 
Zaraah completed her look by pulling her short black locks into a ponytail, and wearing a bright pink lipstick. 
Former Emmerdale star Hayley Tamaddon put on a saucy display during her time on the show in 2014. 
The Delilah Dingle actress wore a very tight-fitting see-through leotard and tiny booty shorts.
Hayley, 45, gave a flash of her toned tummy underneath the top, which showed off her cleavage with a plunging neckline.
The bra was paired with a tiny pair of shorts and nude-tights, while she pulled her hair off her face with a headband. 
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 ITV 'axes' quiz show after first series
&copy