Author: Maisie Bovingdon
ALDI'S latest launch as part of it's anticipated Baby Event, has got shoppers talking. 
Aldi's  dermatologist and paediatrician approved Step Ahead Mum to Be Range, which you can shop online now.
sees the new baby skincare range drop, with products 
starts as low as £1.49 and is available to shop at Aldi. 
Aldi's Special Buys Instagram Account shared a clip of the full Step Ahead Mum To Be range, which has already racked up over 2,000 likes by fans.
Firstly the new baby skincare range, which includes a bubble bath, moisturiser, hair and body wash, ticks all the boxes and has your child's health and delicate skin at the forefront of Aldi's creators minds. 
The range is cruelty-free, vegan, dermatologist and paediatrician approved, so rest assured these products are safe to use on all skin types. 
The new release includes a Stretch Mark Oil, Nipple Balm and Magic Bump Mask, which started to creep onto the beauty radar circa 2020, as well as a Perineum Spray and Oil. 
All the products in the expecting or new parents range aims to provide the ultimate comfort to mums during pregnancy or post birth, while also relax you. 
The Bump Sheet Mask does exactly what it says on the tin, it aims to nourish your baby bump, hydrate the growing bump, soothe your body if you are suffering from any aches and pains, and target any lines or stretch marks. 
Nipple Balm we predict will sell out fast, as it aims to soothe the delicate area during your pregnancy, or after when you may be breastfeeding, thanks to the nourishing shea butter and coconut oil formulation. 
Aldi's Step Ahead Stretch Mark Soother Oil is bound to be another firm favourite with shoppers during your pregnancy and after. 
The treatment aims to keep your skin supple, hydrated and target any fine lines. 
The formula is super hydrating but also calming thanks to the combination of lavender and rosemary oil. 
The Step Ahead Mum To Be Stretch Mark Soother Cream is another nourishing balm, and ideal for those looking for deeper hydration, thanks to the balm formula. 
This creation boasts coconut oil and shea oil, which is exactly the nourishing and intensely moisturising for the stomach, legs, hips, and any other body parts you feel need some TLC.  
Step Ahead Mum To Be's range also includes Perineum Spray and Massage Oil, which is ideal for after birth and to prepare for birth.
Both the Perineum Spray and Oil have been created from natural plant oils, which are soothing, and promote skin elasticity, to reduce risk of tears, while also promoting recovery. 
The Step Ahead range are available
 and in store now. 
Struggling to get your little one to sleep? 
. 
Looking for the 
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 I’m a gypsy girl & never go to the toilet in our caravans, it has a different use
 Multi-millionaire on Rich House Poor House pays broke man £50k a year
&copy