Author: Samuel Walker
MILLIONS suffering from long-term health conditions or disabilities claim personal independence payment (PIP).
But you might be eligible for the 
 without realising.
It can be worth up to £156.90 a week, so it's well worth seeing if you are entitled to any 
.
But you have to meet certain criteria and it can take months to receive your first payment.
Here's everything you need to know.
PIP is available to those aged 16 or over but not yet at the state pension age.
The current 
 age is 66 but this is set to rise to 68.
You also have to be suffering from a long-term physical or mental 
 condition or 
.
Those conditions mean you struggle with everyday tasks such as:
Crucially, you must have been experiencing the difficulties for three months, and expect them to continue for at least nine months.
That's unless you are terminally ill and with less than six months to live.
You can claim PIP at the same time as other benefits, except the armed forces independence payment.
If you receive constant attendance allowance you will receive less of the daily living part of PIP.
If you get war 
' mobility supplement you will not get the mobility part of PIP.
You can make a new PIP claim by calling the Department for Work and 
 (DWP) on 0800 917 2222.
This is the Government department that handles benefit payments.
If you don't want to call through, you can apply via 
.
You have to send a letter to Personal Independence Payment New Claims, Post Handling Site B, Wolverhampton, WV99 1AH.
Make sure you having the following to hand before starting your application:
If you can't call to process an application, someone can on your behalf. But you need to be with them when they call.
After the initial contact with the DWP, you'll be sent a form to fill in and return, after which you might be invited for a medical assessment via letter.
You should be sent a letter after the assessment telling you if  your claim has been successful.
The letter will tell you the date of your first payment.
If you have less than six months to live, the application process is different.
You should visit the Government's website for more information on this.
It can take up to six months from when you first contact the DWP to getting your first payment.
But your claim could take less or more time, this is just an average time frame.
Your first PIP payment will be backdated to when you first made a claim, so you will likely get a lump sum back payment.
The Government has announced plans that 
 though.
The Department for Work and 
 is planning to test speeding up some disability claims by dropping medical assessments.
 Martin Lewis’ urgent warning over direct debits that could see you paying more
 I visited UK's smallest house - but it's TOO tiny ... I hated it
 Exact amount PIP will rise this year - will you be better off?
 Major mobile network to scrap free data roaming in Europe for millions
&copy