Author: Chisanga Malata
JONJO SHELVEY is on the verge of sealing a shock move to Besiktas, it's been claimed.
The midfielder has fallen down the 
 pecking order as of late and is currently on the sidelines due to injury.
And Turkish giants Besiktas are in the process of offering him an escape from 
.
That's according to 
 who claims the Black Eagles are "in talks" with both Newcastle and Shelvey about a possible transfer.
Negotiations over the potential move to Instanbul for Shelvey - who could potentially link up with 
- are said to be "positive."
 is currently out with a calf injury and is expected to be crocked until March at the earliest.
His future at St James' Park is up in the air as the Magpies are weighing up bringing in midfield reinforcements before the transfer window closes.
Chelsea and Leicester aces Jorginho and Youri Tielemans are understood to be on the club's shortlist.
Shelvey is said to have been left devastated by his latest injury setback.
In December, Toon boss 
said of the former Charlton ace: "He's disappointed. He's a passionate guy.
"He lives for football and the feeling of playing, showing his skills on a weekly basis.
"That's a big driver and when he's not able to do that it's a big thing taken away from him.
"I saw him yesterday, and had a good chat with him. 
"He’s a lot more positive now about the future, really focusing on the future
"Although the time period is lengthy, it’s not a long-term injury. 
"He can very quickly get into his rehab, start running again quite quickly.
"There’s a lot to be positive about.”
Champions-League-chasing Newcastle will be back in action on Saturday evening, travelling to Selhurst Park to take on Crystal Palace.
 Conte 'to quit Spurs at end of season with club not offering him new deal'
 Man Utd Treble winner looks unrecognisable with huge beard as he poses with beer
 Victoria Beckham gets wrapped up in David's coat while watching Romeo
 Defoe dumped partner called Donna and their dog to date wife Donna
&copy