Author: Joshua Rom
LOVE ISLAND thinks the yellow bean bag is a "cursed" area for the singletons. 
In Friday night's edition of the long-running edition of the show, Zara and Ron sat down for a chat in a very controversial area of the villa. 
But as 
, 25, and 
, 26, chatted in the garden, fans were seemingly more distracted by the furniture they were sitting on. 
Viewers of the hit 
 think the yellow bean bag is "cursed," as whoever sits on it is involved in drama. 
And both Zara and Lana, who sat on the beanbag was engulfed in drama 
 of the show.  
One 
 viewer said: "Zara on the yellow bean bag ready to cause trouble."
Another fan noted: "Not the yellow bean bag #loveisland."
A third fan exclaimed: "NOOO don’t sit on the yellow bean bag Zara!!!"
Whilst a fourth commented: "Not both lana and zara sat on the yellow bean bag."
Meanwhile a fifth said: "Zara on the sacred yellow bean bag."
Whilst a sixth wrote: "Watching them sit on the yellow bean bag knowing what happened with it last year."
Last year's crop of contestants had noticed how anyone who sat down on the yellow beanbag beside the pool was then surrounded by "drama".
Voice-over star 
 previously revealed how the stars had been going to extreme lengths to avoid sitting down on the "cursed" item.
The voiceover artist explained: "No one escapes the curse of the yellow beanbag." 
He joked that it was behind the fall-out between 
 and 
. 
Ekin-Su previously confessed: "Davide sat on the yellow beanbag yesterday morning and that's why it happened."
 also commented on the suspected curse in the Beach Hut as she said: "That yellow beanbag causes drama - anyone who sits on it, you get drama."
Here's your rundown of the 2023 Love Island contestants
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy