Author: Josh Saunders
BREAKING Bad is considered among the greatest TV series of all time – and fans are geared up to celebrate the show's 15th anniversary. 
The drama followed cancer-addled Walter White's transformation from nerdy science teacher to 'Heisenberg' – a crystal meth cook with a booming drug empire. 
The original series, which finished in 2013, collectively won 92 awards and was nominated for 248 – landing it in the 
 books as the most critically acclaimed 
.
Moving into the world of hospitality isn't the only surprise from the 
 cast – from health scares to embarrassing gaffes, we reveal 
.
Lead actor 
 unforgettable performance as Walter White earned him one 
 and four 
.
After that, it was theatre productions All The Way and Network, which earned him two Tony Awards. 
He also created and starred in the 
 series Sneaky Pete, which lasted three seasons, and showed off his comedic talent in 
, 
, Robot Chicken and 
.
Breaking Bad fans were thrilled to see him reprise Walter in the 2019 spin-off film 
 and the final season of 
 this year. 
In a surprise move back in 2017, Bryan and co-star Aaron Paul co-founded a 
. The alcoholic spirit is made from types of agave. 
Away from business Bryan has been a vocal advocate of the 
 and denounced some of the alleged perpetrators.
In 2017 he told CBC Radio Canada: “I know Harvey Weinstein, I know Louis CK, I know Charlie Rose. I was acquaintances with Kevin Spacey, didn't know him well.
“I'm just flabbergasted by their inhumanity, of how they behaved and how they treated others with such disrespect… It's predatory, and disgusting." 
But Bryan held out hope for the future, adding: “The structure is breaking down… Good, let it crumble, let it completely crumble.”
Landing the role of Jesse Pinkman made Aaron Paul one of the most in-demand actors of the time and landed him scores of awards.  
He went on to voice Todd Chavez/Henry Fondle in 
 and bagged parts in the films Need For Speed, Central Intelligence, and Exodus: God And Kings. 
Aaron also had roles in The Path, Truth Be Told, and Westworld – and reprised his Breaking Bad character in El Camino and Better Call Saul.
He's since welcomed two kids - Story Annabelle, now four, and Ryden Caspian, in April, with his wife of 11 years, 
. 
A couple of years ago Aaron surprised fans by revealing he hadn’t owned a computer in 10 years and has a very basic mobile phone with no camera, email or texting facility, or apps.
In November it was reported Aaron was legally 
 from Sturtevant to his stage name Paul – and his wife and kids will all take that surname too.
 played Walter’s loving wife Skyler, who later turned on him after discovering his criminal wrongdoing. 
While Breaking Bad was a hit, in real life she faced backlash from some fans for her character's behavior, with one branding her a "b***h" at a Q&A.
In a 
 op-ed, Anna claimed she experienced “extreme sexism” and had to call the police after one fan made a death threat and tried to find her address. 
Despite her struggles, the mum-of-two landed main roles in Grace Point and parts in The Mindy Project, Portlandia, and Criminal Minds.
Anna has also starred alongside 
 big-hitter 
 in the 2016 movie Sully and with 
 in Shades Of Blue.
Prior to playing DEA agent Hank, Dean Norris had a string of bit parts behind him in Lethal Weapon 2, Total Recall, Terminator 2, and Starship Troopers.
Since the show, he’s appeared in spin-off Better Call Saul, played a mob boss in Claws and had recurring roles in shows including Scandal and 
.
In 2018, the actor found himself in the midst of a 
 storm when he tweeted “sex gifs” - which provoked a series of mocking responses from fans. 
A year later Dean launched his own beer company Schraderbräu - based on his character Hank’s homebrew - and also owns a cafe called the Swing Inn.
Glamorous 
 played tattoo artist and recovering drug addict Jane Margolis in the show, who was Jesse Pinkman's neighbor, landlord, and girlfriend.
The American actress also featured in the spin-off, 
.
She's a single mum to son Bruce, whose dad is The War On Drugs frontman, Adam Granduciel.
Krysten dated the rocker for about seven years before they split last year.
She's continued to act, landing roles in the 
 Max series Love And Death and the Orphan Black spin-off.
Walter Jr was a much-loved character on Breaking Bad and like his character, 
 also has 
 but does not need crutches to walk.
It appears he was a hit with the ladies on set with director Vince Gilligan describing him as “like cat-nip” - and the actor admitted: “I’ve never had any trouble getting girls.”
Mitte has continued to act but has also modeled for Gap, walked a 
 runway, and was a Channel 4 presenter during the 2016 Rio Summer Paralympics.  
Saul Goodman was the crooked lawyer known for his cheesy advertisements and skill in finding loopholes to get Jesse and Walt out of tricky situations.
After Breaking Bad actor 
 landed his own spin-off Better Call Saul, which focused on the character's transition from good guy James McGill to 'Saul'.
He earned an Emmy for his role in the six-season drama, which came to an end this year, as well as nominations for a Golden Globe three years in a row. 
While he received high praise, 
 admitted he's lucky to be alive after suffering a mini heart attack while filming the final season last year and needed resuscitation and a defibrillator to save him.
The actor also courted controversy after 
 removed an episode of his comedy show W/Bob & David for featuring blackface.
And he was mocked online for following a foot fetish page on 
.
Away from the Breaking Bad universe, he’s had parts in Fargo, The Disaster Artist, Incredibles 2, and 
 as well as a number of writing credits.  
 played the hapless crook Todd Alquist in Breaking Bad and since the show has landed bigger roles. 
They include The Irishman, Black Mass, Black Mirror, The Power Of The Dog and Fargo, where he met his future wife 
, who he married in July. 
In a touching interview with 
, the Spiderman actress confessed she "knew he was going to be my soulmate" as soon as she met him and "knew he would be in my life forever".
Father-of-two, Jesse, was also in the running for the lead part of Finn in 
: The Force Awakens and made it to the final four before being beaten by Brit John Boyega.
Few could forget the explosive ending to drug lord Gus Fing’s time in Breaking Bad, which earned actor Giancarlo Esposito a Critics Choice award and three Emmy nominations.
Since then, he appeared in Better Call Saul, as well as popular TV shows Once Upon A Time, Westworld, The Boys and The Mandalorian.
The actor also landed film roles in Okja, Money Monster, The Jungle Book, and the Maze Runner: The Scorch Trials.  
Recently, father-of-four Giancarlo admitted he nearly didn’t become an actor and nearly enrolled as a priest due to his Catholic upbringing. 
Jonathan Banks played private investigator and hitman Mike Ehrmantraut in Breaking Bad - but it wasn’t until Better Call Saul that his character was fully developed.
The tough guy earned four Emmy nominations in the follow-on series and also appeared in flashbacks for the film El Camino.
Since then the actor has voiced roles in Disney’s Tangled TV series, Skylanders Academy, Incredibles 2, and Gravity Falls.  
In 2018, tragedy struck father-of-three Jonathan when his house was among 1,643 buildings burned down by the Woolsey Fire in 
, which claimed three lives.
Playing the extremely unlikeable Marie Schrader wasn't the only challenge for Betsy Brandt in Breaking Bad, as during season two in 2008, she gave birth to her second child.
Since the show, she’s appeared in the Suits spin-off Pearson, Life In Pieces, Parenthood, Masters Of Sex, and The Michael J Fox Show. 
The actress also landed a main part in Members Only and the sitcom Jefferies, both of which appear to have been canned. 
Betsy admitted in 2020 she's never watched Breaking Bad's most acclaimed episode - Ozymandias - from its final season.
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy