Author: []
THERE is nothing more annoying than having to leave a warm, comfy bed during the night to go to the loo.
In most cases, it's down to the fact that you might have had a little too much to drink in the hours before going to sleep, the NHS explains.
But if you're frequently waking up in the night to use the toilet, then you might be suffering with nocturia.
It's common in elderly people and often increases with age, 
 states.
The condition can be caused by a range of medical issues including silent killer illness, 
.
Diabetes it often referred to as a silent killer as symptoms often masquerade as 
 or increased thirst, Diabetes UK states.
Other symptoms include peeing more than usual, often at night.
"High blood sugar increases your thirst, so you may drink more than usual and this leads to a frequent need to go to the toilet. 
"High blood sugar levels also irritate the bladder causing you to pass urine more frequently," according to the NHS.
 and loss of muscle bulk, itching around the penis and vagina or frequent episodes of thrush, are also common.
You might also find that cuts and wounds take longer to heal and that you experience blurred vision.
The NHS advises that you see a doctor if you experience any of these issues.
While diabetes is one reason for nocturia, the NHS states that this could also be down to a heart problem.
"If you have a heart condition, your heart and circulation become less efficient and you will notice swelling around your ankles. 
"When you are lying down or your feet are raised up, fluid is absorbed into your blood stream and removed by your kidneys. 
"This increases the need to urinate at night."
Dr Jeffrey Weiss urologist, and professor of urology at SUNY Downstate University in New York said this could be specifically down to congestive 
.
With this type of heart failure, you can't pump blood properly and your body will try to improve your circulation as you rest, which may lead to frequent urination, he told 
.
:
If you experience any of these issues, then you should see your GP.
The NHS also states that getting up to pee at night could also be down to a prostate issue.
"Men’s prostate glands often start growing with age. This
gland surrounds the urethra (the tube that urine passes through before exiting the body). 
"An enlarged prostate can press on your urethra and prevent your bladder from emptying properly, so you need to pass urine more often."
However, while these signs are normal, they could also be a sign of 
.
One of the key symptoms is needing to rush to the toilet, especially at night, the NHS states.
Prostate cancer is also known as a silent killer as the prostate sits deep in the urinary bladder, allowing the 
 to grow silently there for months or years, the 
 states.
Other less serious problems, that might be causing you to go the toilet at night include sleep related issues, bladder infections and urge incontinence, guidance states.
In order to stop urinating so much during the night, the NHS states you should reduce the amount you drink before you go to bed.
For example, you should have your last drink at 8pm instead of 10pm, whilst still making sure you drink the recommended amount of six to eight cups of fluid each day.
You should also try having less drinks that contain caffeine as these can irritate your bladder and change your 
 pattern, as can alcohol, guidance states.
If you are worried about any of your symptoms you should book in with your GP who will be able to refer you for more comprehensive tests.
In the event of an emergency, you should call 999 or go to your nearest A&E department.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy