Author: Alex Diaz
The tech tycoon’s 
 says that Elon, 51, has invested in first-class protection for him at his home in South Africa.
The retired engineer, 76, revealed that his son fears kidnappers could make the “quickest $20million dollars ever” by targeting his family.
 said last month that he has fears for his life 
, which exposed what he believes is U.S. government collusion with the social media platform to censor content.
The Twitter owner also suspended an account that tracked his private jet and journalists who retweeted its posts.
The dad-of-eight claimed that it had led to a “crazy stalker” allegedly following a car carrying his young son, 
, in LA and added that the account had “posted my exact real-time location, basically assassination coordinates.”
Commenting on Elon’s security worries, Errol said: “He decided, after the recent threats against him, that I need protection as well.
“If they kidnap one of us, it will be the quickest $20million anybody's ever made in their life.
“I think Elon's a bit naïve about the enemies he’s making, especially with the Twitter Files.
“I’m not scared but I’m really afraid that something might happen to Elon, even though he has about 100 security guards around him.
“I think it’s a matter of time before one of the people he will expose with the Twitter Files says, ‘I don’t want to go to jail, take Elon out.' It’s not rocket science.”
Errol says that due to the increased threats against Elon, his son’s team ramped up security measures at 
 last month.
They include a high-tech camera system, electrified fencing, and around-the-clock monitoring by guards who are “armed to the teeth.”
Detailing the new setup, Errol said: “Elon's people contacted me to say they wanted to completely secure my house.
“I got a notice in December from this security company saying that they have instructions to secure the house.
“So I now have nine cameras around the house that are monitored 24/7 and that I can monitor on my phone and TV.
“They’ve also installed an electric fence around my house.
“I have first-class security now. It’s unbelievable.
“It has everything, including backup power, so it works whether we have electricity load shedding or not.
“They've installed everything imaginable here.
“I now have a quarter of a million rand ($14,600) security system with armed response by a new security company in my town, which I hear is quite good.
“They focus 100 percent on me. It's a new, super big security company armed to the teeth.
“They check on me all the time. If they see a strange car in my driveway, they come in and ask me if I’m alright.
“I hate living like this, but I’ve lived like this in Johannesburg and Pretoria, and I understand where it’s coming from.”
Errol explained that the upgraded security measures were overdue because he’s had four break-ins in the last year.
He added: “They came in and stole two big TVs.”
Tesla and SpaceX chief Elon said after his $44billion takeover of Twitter in October that he believes he is facing possible attempts on his life.
He said: “Frankly, the risk of something bad happening or literally even being shot is quite significant.
“I’m definitely not going to be doing any open-air car parades, let me put it that way.
“It’s not that hard to kill me if somebody wanted to, so hopefully they don’t.”
In September last year, The U.S. Sun revealed how Errol killed three armed intruders Clint Eastwood-style in South Africa in 1998 while his then six-year-old daughter Ali clung to his leg.
Errol said Ali later told a trauma psychologist that she felt OK about the shooting "because my dad won.”
Also last year, The U.S. Sun revealed Errol’s claim that he had fathered a second kid with his stepdaughter, Jana, and that he had been asked to 
 to impregnate high-class women in Colombia.
The U.S. Sun also reported Errol's claim that Elon told him he was "real busy" after he announced his first kid with Jana in 2018 and how 
 despite being naïve.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy