Author: Alice Fuller
THEY'RE sold as your chance to make it as a multimillionaire.
But you could buy a 
 ticket every week for the rest of your life and still never get any richer.
It’s the case for most people. You might score a tenner here and there, but only a tiny percentage hit the jackpot.
However, there could be several simple reasons why you’re not cashing in.
Thankfully, expert analysis by Yourlottoservice has revealed how to increase your chances of winning. 
It's a no brainer that the more tickets you buy, the higher your chances of winning - providing you pick different numbers anyway.
But to avoid forking out for multiple tickets yourself, why not pool your luck with friends, family members or your colleagues?
Although it means you'll have to share you prize, it will increase the likelihood of you scooping some cash. 
You'll spend the same amount, but you'll have more tickets you can win off. 
Another way to do it is to join a 
 - a group of people who play the lottery together, with the agreement they will share their winnings.
There are hundreds out there, but they all allow players to take part every week.
These people, or companies, will arrange everything for you to ensure you're in with the best shot.
Syndicates, such as 
, are perfectly legal and can be a great way to share prizes.
Playing the 
 every week also increases your chances of winning.
The odds week on week remain the same, but having a go with every draw means you're always in with a shot. 
So if you're going all in to win big, it's best not to skip one. 
And, expert analysis has revealed that all-odd and all-even line-ups are drawn less than three per cent of the time. 
It is therefore recommended to avoid them, instead going for a relatively stable split.
As there are usually seven gaps to fill, this means it is best to pick three odd and two even, or two odd and three even.
One of these patterns will occur in 68 per cent of EuroMillions draws.
 Martin Lewis’ urgent warning over direct debits that could see you paying more
 I visited UK's smallest house - but it's TOO tiny ... I hated it
 Exact amount PIP will rise this year - will you be better off?
 Major mobile network to scrap free data roaming in Europe for millions
&copy