Author: Daniel Nuttman
THE world of golf was changed considerably after many of PGA tour's top players left to join the lucrative LIV golf series.
Many golfers including 
 have heavily criticized the defections, which in turn means that those golfers have forfeited their right to play in tournaments such as the 
The 
 introduced a base pay initiative, in which they give $500,000 to players on the tour who compete in at least 15 events in a season.
This payment is also made to players who have just joined the tour, to help them during their first season.
Prize money varies depending on the tournament. The four majors, as well as the Players championship are considered premier events and have large purses.
The 2022 Players at sawgrass saw a prize Fund increase to $20million, with 18 percent going to the winner, Cameron Smith.
For most PGA tour events, the top 65 players who make the cut are paid.
Unlike the PGA tour, where there are no guarantees in terms of prize money, the 
 paid players who joined the tour and initial signing fee.
The fee paid for the players varied, with six-time major champion 
reportedly paid $200million to join the Saudi-backed tour.
Other notable additions included two-time major winner Dustin Johnson, who received $125million, and European Ryder cup legend 
.
On top of this, golfers competing on the tour will receive money for every event they take part in. 
This doesn't just include winning it either, even last place in each particular tournament are paid $120,000.
The winner of each event receives $4million, and the runner up receives $2.125million. The prize money is split across the entire field in accordance with their finishing position.
With a reported net worth of $800million, 
 can lay a claim to being the world's richest golfer. 
Having won 82 PGA tour events and 15 major championships, Woods has earned over $100million in prize money alone.
As well as this, he has been the subject of large sponsorship deals from brands such as Nike, Gillette and Gatorade. 
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Eubank Jr left with horrifically swollen eye after Smith demolition
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Ex-Premier League star throws his 'cheating c*** ex's' stuff across garden
&copy