Author: James Flanders
IF YOU want to save money, you're better to wait to do your washing at certain times.
After all, the price cap is now at £2,500 and will reach 
However, those on a time-sensitive 
 could save if they stick to doing their washing later in the evening.
 like the washing machine can quickly add to bills if you're not careful.
Of course, how much you spend depends on your daily usage, how many people live with you and which model/setting you use.
You could pay less if you switch to an Economy 7 tariff, which charges less for energy used at night.
However, if you do switch, keep an eye on your usage, as you could end up 
 if you use a lot of energy in the day time.
Bear in mind that leaving 
 on at night can be a fire hazard, so make sure you're awake while the machine is running.
We explain when is best to 
 and the other hacks to help you save money on your energy bills.
At the moment, a household of two adults and two children does an average 468 loads of 
 a year - equivalent to 1.3 loads a day. 
For these households, the cost of running a washing machine costs an annual price of £159.12.
Of course, it depends on your family, your energy supplier and the model of machine you have.
You could save money depending what 
 you're on and if your energy supplier charges more or less for your electricity at different times of the day.
The most expensive time to wash your clothes is 
.
You could save cash if you're on an 
 or off-peak tariff by putting your load on during less busy times of the day. 
Martin Lewis said, for those on eco tariffs, 
But it depends which supplier you 
However, be warned - leaving household appliances on at night while you're asleep could be a fire risk, so make sure you're awake.
 found that doing one big wash four times a week reduces energy consumption by 17% compared to someone doing three smaller washes every day. 
Switching to 30 degree washes will save you £12 a year, according to 
.
While setting it to a high speed spin 
, according to 
 engineer Joanna Flowers.
If you're struggling with your energy bills, there is help available.
Your first step should be to 
.
It may be able to change your payment plan or check if you're eligible for their hardship fund.
For example, 
 and 
 have both set up funds to help customers who are struggling with their bills.
You should also check that you're getting all the benefits you're entitled to.
Use an 
 to make sure you're not missing out on any extra cash.
Similarly, you can 
 that can help you pay for gas and electricity bills.
The government recently announced an 
 to help families with the rising cost of living.
Contact your 
 to find out what support is available in your area.
 Martin Lewis’ urgent warning over direct debits that could see you paying more
 I visited UK's smallest house - but it's TOO tiny ... I hated it
 Exact amount PIP will rise this year - will you be better off?
 Major mobile network to scrap free data roaming in Europe for millions
&copy