Author: Charlotte Hulme
AMANDA Holden has paid a heartwarming tribute to her lookalike daughter Lexi on her 17
 birthday.
The 
, 51, took to social media to share some beautiful unseen photos of her daughter.
 shared a side-by-side shot, with one side featuring Lexi at 17, and the other a throwback baby snap of her.
The doting mum wrote: “Cannot believe my baby turns 17 today. Love you @lexi.hughes_official.”
As well as the sweet snap on her Instagram stories, Amanda also shared a post dedicated to her daughter.
She posted a string of images of Lexi growing up, and wrote: “As it was.. as it is. Every second of it filled with you our beautiful girl .. we love you so very much -17 today. Just can’t believe it.. time flies ❤.”
Fans and friends of Amanda were quick to wish her eldest daughter a happy birthday.
Ruth Langsford wrote: “Happy birthday Lexi! Have a wonderful day,” and Shirlie Kemp shared heart and cake emojis beneath the post.
Amanda’s birthday tribute comes after she posed alongside her daughter on a red carpet last month.
The pair looked beautiful as 
And it seems the budding model has plans to launch a showbiz career just like her famous mum.
The Sun previously revealed Lexi is set to earn a staggering £1m in just a year after being snapped up by Storm, the agency that helped make legendary Kate Moss a star.
But it's not just modelling as last month Lexi launched her official Instagram account, appearing to eye up success as a fashion influencer just like Britain's Got Talent judge Amanda
The radio host 
and it's been reported Lexi could earn up to £10k per sponsored post.
Amanda is thought to be heavily involved in Lexi's career and is slowly introducing her to the industry with plans to hit the ground running when she turns 18.
A source said: "Amanda has been in the industry for years and knows exactly what she is doing.”
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy