Author: Jack Elsom
WOMEN’S lives are at risk because Ministers are refusing to stump up for an emergency domestic abuse fund, campaigners including ex-Spice Girl Mel B have warned.
The 
 has rejected a £1million bid from
 to help victims leave abusive partners.
It would have given vulnerable women the money needed to get out of the house while they secure long-term refuge.
But despite a six-month push the charity says its campaign has been blocked by the government - and now fears victims will die as a result.
 - a 
 and Women’s Aid patron - said she was “close to tears” their efforts had been rejected.
She said: “In my marriage, despite having a successful career, I had no access to my own money and bank accounts – this financial control is part of domestic abuse.
“Just a few hundred pounds each could save lives, and I am devastated for what this will mean for some of the most vulnerable women and children, who are not safe staying at home but don’t have any access to money to be able to leave.”
Women’s Aid chief executive Farah Nazeer said she was “shocked and devastated”.
She blasted: “Without this fund in place, there will inevitably be women and children killed this year because lack of money stopped them from making the decision to leave.”
The organisation said the funding would give cash-strapped women grappling with the cost of living a £500 sum to help them find help.
And that £1million is a drop in the ocean for the Home Office’s multi-billion budget - but could save lives.
Damning stats show three women are killed by a current or former partner every fortnight.
Ms Nazeer added: “The difference that £500 to a woman trying to leave an abuser with her children could be the difference between life and death, as leaving with nothing in your pocket for food, the bus, or basic items for you and your children is utterly terrifying.”
A Home Office spokesperson said: "This government is committed to tackling domestic abuse and all forms of violence against women and girls.
“Through our Tackling Domestic Abuse Plan we will invest over £230 million to support victims and to stop perpetrators. 
“We fund several charities, including Women’s Aid, as part of our efforts in response to all forms of violence against women and girls.  
“We are also committed to delivering a £300,000 ‘flexible fund’ which could make payments to domestic abuse victims to help them flee an abuser.”  
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy