Author: Martha Cliff
A TRAVELLER has revealed some of the biggest misconceptions about her community in a candid social media post.
Taking to Reddit, the woman explained that she wanted to ‘untangle some myths’ about being a traveller as she was aware that there were some misunderstandings about it.
In her post she wrote: “I am an English Gypsy. Can I help untangle some myths?”
Plenty of fellow users were quick to come forth with their questions, with many accusing travellers of ‘sponging off the system’ without paying taxes.
Responding to the accusation, she wrote: “Most UK Gypsies live on official sites where they pay all the same bills as anyone else. Ditto car tax . Noone, lest of all someone highly visible,can avoid paying car tax etc for long. 
“My family include plenty of high earners who get clubbed by the government RE tax just as equally as anyone else.”
Another question that popped up again and again, was why travellers ‘parked wherever they felt like.’
Answering, the woman wrote: “Because that is what we do.
“We use the same sites each year with the blessing of the community because we do the work no-one else wants to and then we are gone for another year.”
Education and work was another misconception that the woman wanted to dispel as many redditors had asked about ‘poor education’ or why traveller women ‘don’t work’ which was far from the truth for this traveller.
“Monday to Friday days I am a teaching assistant for SEN children in two schools,” she explained.
“Evenings and weekends I do everything from removals to gardenwork,building wooden things like benches. Lay turf,mow lawns...whatever pays and is legal.”
She went on to explain that she now had two professors in her family, one working in the US and one in Japan.
With so many stereotypes quashed, one reddit user was keen to ask whether any were true of the traveller community.
Listing stereotypes that applied to her experience, she wrote: “Stereotypes would be endogamous marriage, fighting and sharpness when it comes to dealing (aka work)
“We LOVE fire. Part of being outdoors really . Being psychotic when drunk should probably be included too.”
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 Sleep expert reveals how to stay warm at night without putting the heating on
 I worked at Tesco and there’s a reason we always try to talk to you at the tills
&copy