Author: []
CHANCES are you shower at least once a day.
But, one expert has warned you a common mistake while showering could be harmful to your locks.
Washing your hair on a daily basis could be causing damage, leading to breakage and even hair loss, warns Sam Cinkir, CEO of leading skin and hair specialists 
, said.
The hair expert also warned against using water that is too hot as it 
 and can make the roots weaker. 
This can also make the strands more brittle and porous, leading to damage and loss, he said.
He explained that for most people, the 'sweet spot' is washing your hair once or twice a week, maximum.
"The importance of personal grooming and being ‘clean’ is instilled in us from an early age, but there is such a thing as overkill. 
"Washing your hair too often can lead to a whole range of problems, from tangles, split ends and breakages to a dry and itchy scalp, especially if done with harsh shampoos.
"Our hair produces a natural oil called sebum, which helps protect from moisture loss, but shampooing too often strips this away and leaves our locks vulnerable to damage.
"How often you should wash depends on your hair type, but generally speaking once or twice a week with lukewarm rather than hot water is the sweet spot."
If you find your hair is 
, you may be tempted to 
, but the key is to find the right balance for you, he added.
He added that both the hair and scalp can be damaged if you wash your hair too often using harsh chemicals.
Sam recommends that people with fine hair should wash twice a week, or three times if absolutely necessary, as people with thinner locks tend to have more oil glands that can contribute to a greasy appearance.
Meanwhile, those with thicker strands may be better off sticking to once or twice a week, he said.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy