Author: Mel Hunter
WE buy more greeting cards than people of any other nation, sending an average of 33 each year.
With birthday cards often costing £3 a pop, that kindness soon adds up.
It only takes a little organisation, though, to show you care for a whole lot less.
Here are some ideas for thoughtful greetings without the cost.
 Stashing away a supply of cards will stand you in good stead for the year ahead.
The Works has a pack of ten Happy Birthday notecards for £3 and you can currently buy one pack and get another free.
That makes the cost of a single card just 15p. You can go even bigger by buying online.
 sells 48 “luxury” Watercolour birthday cards for £14.95, making them 31p each.
Keep a pack of blank white cards to hand and then you can decorate them as you like.
Hobbycraft has 50 for £4, which works out as 8p each.
You can decorate using photos — I love close-ups of flowers — which cost from just 11p to print out at 
With a dash of glue, you can give an individual greeting for just 19p.
 Your local supermarket can be a good choice for one-off cards that don’t cost a fortune.
 is currently offering three £1.50 cards for £3, saving £1.50 and making each card just £1 each.
 If you like to personalise your cards with the recipients name or photo, it is likely you will have to spend a bit more.
You can save money by signing up to the 
 and Funky Pigeon apps, where they have regular money-saving offers.
You can currently save 30 per cent when you buy two cards at Moonpig, with prices starting from £3.89.
Head to 
 to save 40 per cent on four personalised cards.
That makes a total of £4.30 — or just £1.07 per card.
Opt for click and collect to save on delivery costs.
TIME for a towel refresh?
The blue and white coastal stripe four-piece towel bale from Habitat, down from £32 to £24, is just the ticket.
GIVE your feathered friends a treat with the 
 floral tea cup bird feeder, down from £4 to £2.50.
Get the code at 
THE star outline and gem pendant necklace for £29.50 at Oliver Bonas makes for a twinkling gift.
But the open-star necklace costing £11 from Estella Bartlett, comes at a glittering price.
Enter for half price until January 31, using the code RFL23NY.
Go to 
 for more details.
FOR a guilt-free tipple, Kylie zero-alcohol sparkling rosé has launched at 
 – and it is down from £7 to £4.99 until February 14.
TESCO’S baby sale gives Clubcard holders discounts including the Tommee Tippee Super-Steam steriliser, down from £73.50 to £35.
JOIN thousands of readers taking part in The Sun Raffle.
Every month we’re giving away £100 to 250 lucky readers - whether you’re saving up or just in need of some extra cash, The Sun could have you covered.
Every Sun Savers code entered equals one Raffle ticket.
The more codes you enter, the more tickets you'll earn and the more chance you will have of winning!
 Martin Lewis’ urgent warning over direct debits that could see you paying more
 I visited UK's smallest house - but it's TOO tiny ... I hated it
 Exact amount PIP will rise this year - will you be better off?
 Major mobile network to scrap free data roaming in Europe for millions
&copy