Author: Ben Bailey
The ice in my strawberry daiquiri clinks in the cold glass as I smile at their joy.
I could get used to this.
My wife and I had flown to 
 for some autumn sun and found ourselves relaxing at the all-inclusive Fodele Beach Resort, which tumbles down the cliffs to its private beach on the sapphire blue 
.
The location could not be easier to get to — just half an hour west of capital 
 — and you can get deals on flights there from all the 
.
The resort is especially good for families with children of all ages. 
There are seven swimming pools and a water park with slides.
Our children, Ryan, five, and one-year-old Nora, loved the kids’ club in the mornings and we used the hotel’s babysitter service at night to enjoy a few precious hours to ourselves in one of the three on-site restaurants.
The main dining area, with its enormous wrap-around balcony, serves a buffet-style international menu that largely caters to British and German visitors. 
It includes a children’s buffet where fussy eaters can pick what they want and sit on tiny tables, mixing with other kids.
For something a bit more intimate, the other restaurants serve first-class Greek, French and Italian cuisine. 
We dined on squid and sea bass, succulent lamb souvlaki and fresh feta salads washed down with bottomless glasses of vino.
After family dinners, we enjoyed drinks in the plaza as dozens of little ones danced in the moonlight at the kids’ disco.
When they were tucked up in bed, we sat out on the balcony of our seafront room and watched the waves roll on to the beach below us. 
The wind whips across the north of the island, and despite the cove being sheltered, you might need a jacket in the evenings outside of the peak summer months.
With 412 rooms in multiple bungalows climbing up the cliffside, there are a lot of stairs, and if anyone in your party struggles with steps, then a room down at resort level is highly recommended.
A shuttle bus runs every five minutes but guests staying further up the hill will still spend some time being ferried about if they can’t face the steep slopes.
The bonus, though — if you love getting your steps in — is the exceptional view over the resort and the beautiful bay before you.
The water park at the top of the hill overlooking the resort is exclusively for hotel guests and boasts half a dozen slides, including giant doughnut rings.
Lifeguards are on duty at every corner and there are small slides for younger kids and paddling pools for tiny tots.
Down in the heart of the complex, guests lounge on sunbeds by the pools. 
Note, out of the summer season the swimming pools were on the chilly side and we found the sea to be warmer.
Jet skis, pedalos and parasailing are all available to rent down on the beach.
And on dry land, mini golf, archery, tennis and a games room also keep guests entertained. 
Like in most all-inclusive family resorts, it is very easy to stay on the compound for the duration.
But if you fancy a bit of culture then the village of Fodele, a mile or two from the beach, is the birthplace of 16th-century Renaissance painter El Greco, and you can visit his house.
The village, in a valley of orange and lemon groves, is also lovely for a stroll through the narrow streets.
Stop off for a drink or snack at one of the many tavernas or indulge in a little retail therapy in the many craft shops.
You’ll need a car if you plan on investigating further afield as the resort is a bit isolated.
History buffs can explore the ancient ruins at Knossos, which are a 30-minute drive away.
Crete’s largest and most extensive 
, it was the political and ceremonial centre for the ancient Minoan civilisation during the 
.
While this hugely important area can be packed in peak season, in autumn and spring there are fewer visitors and lower temperatures, which makes exploring easier. 
A bus to Heraklion stops in front of the hotel too for those wishing to delve into the hustle and bustle of the island’s capital.
On our last night, we watched the kids charging around the giant square, playing and chatting with a host of children from all over Europe — all in their own languages.
As we ordered up another beer it was clear this was a family resort that could keep us all happy.
 Flights are available to Heraklion from most major UK airports with 
, 
, 
 and 
, with fares in May from around £150 return. 
See 
.
 Book direct with the hotel and seven nights’ all-inclusive at the Fodele Beach costs from £586pp in May. 
See 
.
 Inside ‘world’s most beautiful McDonalds’ with stain glass windows & chandelier
 UK seaside town in new Hollywood film is so cool that Americans are moving there
 Why you should always pack a golf ball in your suitcase - even if you don’t play
 The cheap UK break with activities included - for under £100 each a night
&copy