Author: Dan Roberts
KRIS Jenner has her hands full, with six children and a whopping 11 grandchildren.
But not everyone is ready to crown the Kardashians momager Grandma of the Year, especially after the way she has treated her grandchildren in the past.
In fact, she has admitted herself she 
 altogether. 
Kris, 67, confessed on 
 last year that she 
 and birthdays.
"I'm lucky I know 11 grandchildren's names. I could get pretty close; I could get pretty close," she told the 80-year-old host.
"But I do know my kids' names and their birthdays. Thank god, I'm not getting; who knows, in a couple of years, my memory is wild," Kris joked.
The business mogul has four children with her late ex-husband, Robert Kardashian: Kourtney, 43, Kim, 42, Khloe, 38, and Rob, 35.
She also shares two daughters with her ex, Caitlyn Jenner, 73: Kendall, 27, and Kylie, 25.
All her children, except Kendall, have their own kids with their respective partners.
The eldest sibling, Kourtney, is a mom to sons, Mason, 13, Reign, eight, and a daughter Penelope, 10, with her ex-Scott Disick, 39.
Kim also has four kids: North, nine; Saint, seven; Chicago, five; and Psalm, three, with her ex-Kanye West, 45.
Khloe and Rob are each a parent to daughters from previous relationships: Khloe shares True, four, with her ex-Tristan Thompson, 31, and Rob is a father to 
, six, with his ex-Blac Chyna.
And the youngest of the Kar-Jenner clan, Kylie, has two children: a daughter, Stormi, four, and an eleven-month-old son with rapper Travis Scott, 31.
Take a look back at some of Kris' cringiest moments as a grandma.
Earlier this week, Kris 
 showing off the Christmas gifts purchased for her other grandkids.
In her Instagram stories, Kris posted a snap of a photo collage that had photos of the respective presents she bought for her grandkids
The presents that the momager purchased for certain grandchildren were from the doll company LOL Surprise.
It appeared from the photo collage that Dream, True, Stormi, and Chicago all got multiple LOL Surprise gifts from the businesswoman.
Each snap in the collage showed four boxes stacked up like a pyramid for the four particular grandchildren.
The only granddaughters who appeared not to have gotten the same gift treatment were North and Penelope.
In July, granddaughter Dream co-starred in an Amazon commercial with Kris that many fans called "gross exploitation."
The duo were part comprised the ensemble cast of a new commercial that ran for two minutes. 
Fans of the famous family 
 to a third Jenner-ation.
A Reddit thread was titled, "the infamous amazon commercial with Dream dropped."
One commenter ripped, "Kris about to make her a Disney kid."
Another wrote, "This is so adorable but also they're monetizing this kid's childhood which is gross."
A third wrote, "Dream is a better actress than Kris" while a fourth called it "Disturbing AF" and another "a new season of Black Mirror."
Don't you dare call Kris "grandma."
In a 2013 interview with PEOPLE, she revealed she does not like being referred to as the moniker.
"They call me Lovey, and Bruce is Grandpa,"she shared at the time. "At first I was Grandma, and all of a sudden I didn't like the way that sounded.
"My mom had a friend called Lovey and I thought that was the cutest name."
Kris can often be seen wearing an $8,500 necklace with the nickname written out on it. 
And it seems to be a popular nickname.
In 2020, when singer Sia became a grandmother, she stole the name as her own.
The musician adopted two sons who were getting too old for foster care in 2019, and the youngest welcomed two children.
"They call me Nana. I'm trying to get them to call me Lovey, like Kris," she said in an interview with Zane Lowe on Apple Music. "I'm like, 'Call me Lovey.'"
Even members of Kris' extended family have fallen victim to her.
Kris 
, Atiana De La Hoya after spoiling her own grandkids with extravagant presents.
Kourtney and Travis brought their combined six children to last year's holiday feast. 
A photo from the celebration featured Atiana opening her Easter basket filled with gold eggs and chocolate.
Meanwhile, one of brother Landon Barker's friends' baskets was outfitted with a brand new pair of Bottega Veneta boots.
A discussion in 
 asked: "Now why did Kris Jenner stuff Atiana’s Easter basket with the same SKIMS top in 8 different colors but gave Landon’s best friend a pair of Bottega Veneta boots?"
Others raced to the comments to rip Kris for the uneven gift-giving.
"That would make me so sad. Maybe she got more stuff that wasn’t shown," one person hoped.
Another assumed: "I’m sure they all got the same stuff. But they have to show all the kids opening different stuff so they can 'thank' and tag the brands that sent all this free swag over to Kris Jenner."
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy