Author: Jane Matthews
AN OAP couple were so sick of cars speeding on their street that they took matters into their own hands. 
Arnold and Paula Woolley say they have been met with mixed reactions from their community - some applaud them, others threaten them. 
The couple, who are in their mid 80s, don't let the trolls deter them though - they say their efforts are worth it. 
Arnold and Paula have been donning their high-vis and standing on the 
 roadside with speed radar guns in hand for six years. 
In that time they've clocked almost 10,000 
 exceeding the limit, jotted down their details, and dobbed them in. 
Arnold, who is a retired 
, says they're regularly hurled abuse by fellow Buckley locals. 
But he doesn't case because he and Paula truly do believe they're making their town a safer place. 
However others in the Flintshire market town disagree.
Sally Wynne, 45, said she thought the Woolleys were "downright dangerous" as their bright jackets draw motorists' eyes away from the road. 
She told the Sun Online: “It’s not their role to harass motorists. They should leave this kind of thing to the police.
“I see them often in their hi-viz jackets and it’s a distraction for motorists. They could cause an accident, not prevent one.
“I appreciate their intentions are for the good of the community but I really do feel this kind of vigilante approach is divisive in a small community like this and they should find something better to do with their time.”
Sally added: “I’m afraid they’ve become really unpopular figures in the town as a result of this busybody behaviour.
"It’s generated a lot of bad feeling here and I think what they’re doing is downright dangerous.”
But others were all for what the Woolleys were doing. 
Dog owner Alan Bodell, 69, is one of those. 
He says he and his hound have nearly been mowed down by 
 on several occasions while crossing roads at zebra crossings.
Alan said: “Some drivers tear through Buckley like bats out of hell.
“I’ll be crossing the road and, whoosh, they 
 towards us at 70mph when they’re only supposed to be doing 30. It’s terrifying.
“And I’ve seen plenty of accidents. In fact there was one the other evening in Precinct Way, where the Woolleys often pitch up with their speed guns.
"Unfortunately they weren’t around at the time and a car smacked into another vehicle on the bend. It looked very nasty.
“I agree with everything the team is doing to raise speed awareness in the town and nudge people to check their speeds.
“There are plenty of fast, dangerous roads around here and drivers think they’re invincible.”
When the Woolleys are on the clock they will stand and take note of speeding drivers' registration plate and vehicle model details. 
The details are then checked on the 
 website and if they have correctly matched the number plate to the vehicle.
If they have, the owner is sent a “cautioning” letter by the Go Safe organisation.
The highest speed recorded by Buckley Community Speed Watch team, which the Woolleys spearheaded, was a motorist hooning at 73mph in a 30mph zone. 
They also snapped another flooring the accelerator at 84mph in a 40mph zone.
The couple and their efforts have divided opinion on their 
 channels, too. 
One man wrote: “Great work by the speed watch team.
"Anyone doing more than the speed limit should receive the appropriate fine and points. Keep up the safety watch, please.”
And another said: "Amazing entitlement of drivers here - we demand to drive as fast as we like, however many people are killed or injured every day.”
However, others weren't as complimentary. 
One man wrote: “Let’s hope when I retire, I have better things to do with my time.”
Another fumed: “Where’s a farmer with a muck spreader when you need one?
"Busybodies with too much time on their hands should maybe do something productive like help out at a homeless shelter.”
But Arnold, a retired police superintendent with the former Rhodesian police force who led anti-terrorist units, commanded a SWAT team and oversaw traffic policing, is undeterred.
He said the “most bizarre” response to his team’s speed safety initiative was when the biker dismounted and attempted to block his speed gun with a pink umbrella. 
Arnold said: “He was clearly angry that wee’d zapped him, but his response was bizarre and alarming. We did our best to ignore him, but it wasn’t easy.
“Eventually he must have got bored because we weren’t given him any attention or engaging and he wandered off.
“Another man took exception to what we were doing and used some very colourful language in his attack on me.
"He was prodding my chest and swearing. Again, I ignored him and eventually the police arrested him and he was subsequently convicted of common assault.
“Despite the behaviour of some idiots, I enjoy what I’m doing because I believe in it.
"I’m not doing it for the good of my health. I’m doing it because I want the roads to be safer.
"Speed kills and anything I can do to prevent accidents in the future is worthwhile.”
He added: “We’re not at roadsides to pinch pounds out of drivers' pockets by way of fines, or to see driving licences decorated with penalty points via a court hearing.
“We are at roadsides to try to better educate drivers, not to punish them.” 
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy