Author: Abigail Wilson
 fan Siham, also known on 
 as 
, has amassed an impressive 48.8k followers and 2 million likes on the video sharing platform. 
Siham recently took to the social media app to reveal that she got her teeth done in 
, but massively regrets it.
She is just one of many who have jetted off to Turkey to get their 
 done, in a trend that has been dubbed "Turkey teeth".
The TikTok hashtag "#TurkeyTeeth" has reached more than 130 million views.
Several reality TV influencers and celebrities have also had veneers done, including former Love Island star 
 and 
.
The procedure of having veneers done can be aggressive and invasive to teeth - as they require almost 70% of your teeth to be filed down.
But while many will proudly show off their new diamond white smile, this woman is warning people about the realities of having a set of Turkey teeth. 
Not only did Siham explain that her veneers always pop off, but she said they can absolutely smell too.
She posted her clip with the caption ‘Real teeth = peace of mind pls do not go through with the pain and suffering that is veneers. Thank u for coming to my ted talk.'
She explained: “Get ready with me while I give you guys a story time about my veneers and why I regret them.
“Growing up I always had beef with my teeth - I never really liked them.
“I had braces and everything, but I don’t know, I just didn’t like how small they were.
“So I was mainly bothered about how small they were and the shape and the colour because I didn’t really take care of them growing up and whitening didn’t do much for me.
“So I saved up and did some research on clinics in Turkey.
“During my appointment I tried to be super clear about what I wanted and they seemed like they understood but when it came down to it it went in one ear and out the other.
“I even showed them pictures of similar before and afters but when it came down to it, they did not listen to me at all.
“They also didn’t give me temporaries so I was walking around Istanbul terrorising people with shaved down teeth. 
“They literally shaved down my teeth and sent me on my way, I was confused.
“I literally just had to hope for the best because my teeth were shaved down and I was in too deep.
“When it was finally down to cement the veneers in, my teeth were ginormous. I tried to adjust but then I went back two days later and asked them to shave them down.
“Then when I got home they started to pop off.
“Literally all of my bottoms have come off in the one year that I’ve had my veneers.
“It will usually happen when I’m flossing - it’s an easy fix thankfully. If the tooth is preserved you can go into a dentist and they will cement it back on.
“I really regret them because of the health problems that come with them - the gum sensitivity, tooth sensitivity.
“Veneers can stink so bad if you don’t floss your veneers - I can always tell who doesn’t floss their veneers.
“When I tell you nothing has terrorised me more than veneers - I live in a constant state of fear.
“I would give anything to have my old teeth back.
“I can’t bite into an apple and I can't use my teeth to open certain things.
“I am pro plastic surgery but very much anti veneers, I don’t think it’s an even exchange in the long run.” 
Siham posted her clip just five days ago, but it has clearly shocked many, as it has quickly racked up a whopping 208.6k views.
It has 37.9k likes, 595 comments and 321 shares.
TikTok users were grateful to Siham for her honesty about her teeth. 
One person said: “Ok you convinced me I'm not getting veneers thanks.”
Another added: “Tysm for this honest review about veneers.” 
A third commented: “I love how real and non judgmental you kept it.” 
Whilst someone else noted: “Thank you for this because people do not talk about the downsides enough.”
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 I’m a gypsy girl & never go to the toilet in our caravans, it has a different use
 Multi-millionaire on Rich House Poor House pays broke man £50k a year
&copy