Author: Kate Kulniece
A WOMAN has been trolled for her snatched waist and large thighs, with some insisting she's gone overboard.
The so-called 'slim thick' body has become the desired goal for many across the world, from 
 alike.
However, one woman has found herself in the midst of a heated debate on 
 after people began to wonder how much is 
 much.
The woman, known as Gracie Bon (@
) on 
, has become somewhat of an internet sensation due to her enormous thighs and relatively snatched waist.
She regularly shares videos of herself working our or rocking tiny bikinis, both of which have amassed her a whopping 1.5million followers and close to 15million overall likes.
Although Grace hasn't opened up much about her past, she revealed that at her heaviest she was over 19 stone - and now the stunning figure stands at just over 11 stone.
But whilst many may deem it as their ideal - and Gracie certainly has a few hopeful would-be Romeos confessing their love - she's also been trolled for her 
, which has been compared to ''Pixar mums''.
For countless people, the thigh:waist ratio is too much and they insist there should be a limit.
''REFUND REFUND,'' exclaimed a mortified viewer, implying that she may have had 
 performed.
Another added: ''you were still beautiful before as well.''
''Horror,'' a meanie penned.
Sadly, Gracie is not the first person to be trolled over their appearance - one woman's 
.
Emmie, who posts under the username 
 on 
, shared a video of herself dancing.
At the start of 
, the brunette stunner had zoomed into her face before putting the phone down and moving further away.
Then, towards the middle of the footage, the 22-year-old, who was wearing a brown crop top and a pair of low-rise shorts, revealed her very toned stomach - and unusually long torso.
With close to a whopping 25million views, the video, captioned 'New dance alert', has gone viral and has seen thousands of comments.
For the most part, social media users were making nasty remarks, with some even referring to the New Yorker as a ''centipede''.
One person demanded: ''Do the worm.''
Another wrote: ''You know those big blow up things they have in front of stores that just wave their arms about, can you do that pleeease.''
Seeing Emmie's natural build, a viewer was wondering if they had seen the 22-year-old in a movie before.
''We’re you in the men in black movies [sic],'' they asked, referring to the The Worms or Annelids, the strange alien species in the science fiction comedy film.
''Takes 2 months to get that gut feeling,'' someone else chuckled.
Much to everyone's surprise, the woman has also revealed she's not as tall as people had imagined.
Responding to the comments, Emmie said that she's just 5'3, leaving many in total disbelief.
The young woman, who some thought should be in the modelling industry, also hit back at the trolls who had left nasty comments.
''Y’all need to learn how to be nice.''
A nicer viewer agreed: ''Super model right there! You slaying sis!
''People need to mind there own instead of being negative!''
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 Sleep expert reveals how to stay warm at night without putting the heating on
 I worked at Tesco and there’s a reason we always try to talk to you at the tills
&copy