Author: Brijiena Lovelace
VALENTINE'S Day is fast approaching, but there is still plenty of time pick the perfect present to show the leading man in your life how much you love him.
If you're stuck looking for something special, below we've compiled the best Valentine's Day gifts for him that are sure to hit the spot. 
Celebrated on 14 February, Valentine's Day has long been a romantic tradition observed in the UK.
Usually celebrated by couples, Valentine's Day can also be a time to reveal your affection for a crush.
Whether you want to go big this year, or just keep things chilled and low-key, we've got some unique gifting inspiration to cover all budgets and tastes.
From fun experience gifts for your boyfriend, to sentimental items that are ideal for your husband or long term partner, we've included everything you need to help Valentine's Day off with a bang. 
If you need more Valentine's ideas, check out our roundup of the 
 including options for couples.
If you have left things a bit late this year, our 
 for him and her is on hand to sort you out.
This great gift has everything a whiskey fan needs to make the perfect drink.
With two 50ml bottles filled with whiskey of your choosing, a glass tumbler, coaster and stone cubes - you can't go wrong.
There are over 20 different whiskey choices to pick from,  including several flavours of Jack Daniels, Jim Beam and Old Pulteney.
To make this hamper even more special, the wooden box can be engraved with a name of your choice on the lid as well as wording on the inside.
A great Valentine's Day gift, this sleek and stylish bracelet features tightly woven leather and .
This Lisa Angel woven leather bracelet, with polished magnetic clasp, is a sleek and stylish gift for Valentine's Day.
It can be personalised with special dates, initials, names or a loving messages for an extra special touch, and all personalisation is done in-house by a skilled team. 
You can never go wrong with a new scent, and what's better (and more classic) than Calvin Klein?
Described as "Sensitive yet masculine, strong but indisputably refined", it's a crisp, clean scent that's sure to be a favourite.
This brilliant gift set from Sensational includes a 30ml Eau de Toilette, and body wash. 
It's also on offer, making it just £28.03. 
Has your other half been mentioning a new hobby he wants to get stuck into, or a skill he wants to perfect or improve on?
Since knowledge is power, a Masterclass subscription will give him access to classes taught by the experts in a range of fields.
Online classes covering everything from cooking with Gordon Ramsay, to writing with James Patterson, are just a few clicks away.
Plus with new classes added every month, he will have plenty to keep him occupied. 


Treat the man you love to a luxurious Valentine's breakfast, because who doesn't love breakfast in bed all washed down with a glass of bubbly?
This Champagne Breakfast Box from Fortnum and Mason is packed with delicious, high quality products to make the day extra special.
Inside you'll get some smoked salmon, Cacklebean eggs, seeded sourdough, strawberry and champagne preserve, Shropshire creamed honey, tea, Colombia El Jordan Estate ground coffee and a bottle of Brut Reserve Champagne N.V. Yum!
Toast to Valentine’s Day at home with a case of MOTH bar-quality canned cocktails.
The ready-to-drink 75ml cans come in Espresso Martini, Margarita and Piña Colada flavours, which are perfect for hassle-free drinking at home.
We particularly like the fresh and tangy Margarita, which is made with Enemigo Tequila.
Just make sure you have the ice on standby.
One of the most popular fitness watches out there, the Apple Watch SE GPS is perfect for tracking his workouts. 
The watch will also monitor sleep patterns and comes with GPS, is water resistant and fully compatible with many other Apple fitness apps.
This model also comes with plenty of clever new features like Crash Detection which can automatically connect you with emergency services in an accident.
We're sure he'll love opening this The White Company Loch gift setup on V alentine's Day.
The set features a body wash, two-in-one shampoo and conditioner and an eau de toilette.
With all products featuring the divine smelling ingredients of  spicy black pepper, warming sandalwood, earthy vetivert, rich cashmere musk and a swill of amber whiskey.
He won't be able to stop using it, and you'll find him irresistable. Win, win.
The Lazy Man Pan is the ultimate breakfast pan for tasty fry ups.
If your other half thinks he's a bit of a Masterchef dab hand in the kitchen this is a great gifting option
The five compartment frying pan will let you cook everything at once, giving him an incentive to whip up a delightful Valentine's Day breakfast come February 14.
Made withXylan non-stick coating, you can be sure that cleaning it is a breeze too.
Sony's WF-C500 in-ear headphones is a great choice for music lovers.
The affordable earphones won't break the bank but still offer brilliant audio quality. 
The lightweight, smooth rounded shape makes them comfortable to wear out and about or in the gym.
Plus Sony's Digital Sound Enhancement Engine (DSEE) technology gives you an enhanced listening experience. 
You can even tailor music to your own taste using the EQ setting on the Sony Headphones Connect app.
You can't go wrong with aftershave, and you 
 can't go wrong with Tom Ford. 
If you love your man smelling good, then treat him to this luxury fragrance this Valentine's day. 
With notes of cardamom, leather and jasmine sambac and softer base notes of amber, moss and patchouli, this is a spicy, floral mix. 
He'll be over the moon with this classic, luxurious scent to add to his collection. 
This personalised weekend holdall is a great gift for a man who travels frequently, or likes playing sports and needs to lug his kit around.
The roomy holdall comes in brown or black faux leather and is highly durable.
Inside it features a classic pinstripe lining, with a discrete valuable pocket for extra security.
The personalised luggage tags come matching with the chosen colour of the bag, debossed in a gold foil or plain.
With a luxury leather design and a cute personalised name tag, it's sure to be a hit.
As far as Valentine's day presents go, cured meats delivered straight to the door sounds pretty incredible to us.
Treat a meat-lover to this letter box hamper of award-winning, British artisan charcuterie. 
Made in Dorset, the hamper contains five of The Real Cure's most popular cured meats, and it is perfect for any foodie.
You'll have around two months to consume the meats once they're delivered, meaning you can enjoy it well beyond Valentine's Day.
When it comes to living in the UK, it's always good to be prepared for a down pour.
This classic jacket from Rains guarantees to keep you warm and dry while looking very stylish. 
It's made from super durable and waterproof polyurethane fabric, and is cut with a fishtail hem that drapes around the body for a timeless silhouette. 
The design also features adjustable cuffs and a drawstring hood with cap brim to ensure a comfortable, snug fit every time.
We love the khaki green variation, but it also comes in black, navy and sand.
You can never go wrong with a wallet, and this tan leather design is a smart choice for everyday use.
The handcrafted wallet is created from one piece of dry oil matte leather, which has been folded into separate compartments.
The minimalist and streamlined design is also finished with antique brass hardware.
For an extra special touch, you can personalise the wallet with your boyfriend's initials or a significant date.
If your boyfriend likes the great outdoors this The North Face beanie is a great little gift, especially as February tends to be on the chillier side.
Soft and insulating, the classic beanie style is made with durable fabric that won't stretch out of shape or feel itchy.
With ten colours to choose from, you'll be able to pick one up in his favourite shade too. 
Price-wise it's also a great gifting option if you're on a budget.
The Glossybox limited edition grooming kit includes 12 hair, body and skincare products worth over £140, but at just £30 this set is a real bargain treat. 
Each product covers every step of your man's daily grooming ritual, from cleanser to beard oil and fragrance. 
The set includes plenty of premium brands you and your boyfriend will know and love like Dermalogica, Rituals, GLAMGLOW and Sunday Riley.
Get his daily regime in check with this great value grooming set. 
You can't beat the original Polaroid camera for instant pictures to capture every special moment.
It is the perfect gift for the novice photographer, or a guy who just likes to take cool pictures.
The camera includes a realistic flas function, so he can ensure that everyone in the shot is visible.
You can also be ready for every moment with a built-in rechargeable battery and USB charging cable.
High-quality instant images are just a click away.
You've heard about wearing your heart on your sleeve, now your boyfriend can try wearing your face on his feet. 
Show him you love him by printing a photo of your face, or both of your lovely faces, on a cool pair of socks.
The fun and colourful emoji sock design is sure to put a smile on his face, and is the perfect tongue-in-cheek Valentine's Day gift to treat him too.
If you're boyfriend has great style, these New Balance trainers are a great choice. 
The men's updated 373v2 are the perfect everyday shoe, we love the classic shape, premium suede upper and comfortable EVA midsole. 
Durable and built to last these shoes can withstand long walks in the park, or even a workout session.
Not sure where to start for your first Valentine's date night tradition? 
Why not get your new boyfriend a fun date night experience gift voucher you can enjoy together? 
There are over hundreds of option available through Buy A Gift, at venues across the UK that he can chooses from, and it's a fun date to plan for a serious foodie.
If he's a music fan then you can't go wrong with a classic album on vinyl. 
Remastered and re-released, this version of the classic eleventh album from the legendary British-American rock band with definitely win you brownie points.
The album was originally released in 1977, and this version features classic tracks like 'The Chain', 'Don't Stop', 'Go Your Own Way' and 'Dreams'.
Treat your music fan lover to a classic he can add to his collection.
What could be more romantic than a physical representation of what the sky looked like on the special date you met? 
You can freeze-framing the perfect moment with a custom Night Sky star map of the night.
This sentimental gift will be a great reminder of your anniversary andsomething we're sure he'll cherish forever.
Plus it looks great as an art piece too.
If you're sick of hearing him talking about his teams stats - this is the ultimate gift to keep him quiet.
The individually bound A4 hardback book holds all of the major sports reports of your selected team up to the latest coverage from the last season.
You can personalise the thoughtful keepsake with a special message to make it extra special too. 
Whiskey fans will appreciate this wallet-friendly trio set from Jack Daniel's.
Your other half will get to sample the smooth tasting Tennessee Honey, original and Tennessee Apple flavoured Jack Daniel's miniatures.
Plus the set also comes with a keepsake glass to try them in. 
Now honestly speaking, what could possibly be better than a giant chocolate bar with your name on it? 
One for the chocoholics, this huge Dairy Milk Bar can be personalised with your beau's name, initials or a special date.
Oh, and did we mention it's 850g worth of dairy milk chocolate inside? 
Just make sure he doesn't eat it all at once!
This super-soft cotton jumper is a great everyday piece that suits everyone.
A versatile and effortless pull-on style, this top will make for a an ideal casual wardrobe essential, or can be dressed up for a smarter look.
Made from premium organic cotton, it will also feel luxe and warm during the chillier months, and the iconic Superdry logo adds some subtle detailing.
Watch his face as he looks on in awe (and slight confusion) when you present this Giant Upside Down Wine Glass as his Valentine's gift.
This mind-bending giant wine glass will make it look as though the drink is being suspended in the air. 
It's the ideal fun table decoration, and a great talking point at dinner parties.  
Plus it measures 24cm in height, which means it can hold a full bottle of wine.
Run out of date night ideas? Or wanting to drop some hints to your significant other?
Then this date night poster is full of inspiration, well 100 of them to be exact.
Packed full of suggestions, ranging from adventurous out-door escapades, to more relaxed Netflix and chill evenings, there is plenty to keep your date nights exciting for the forseeable future.
At £14, if you're looking for a token gift on a budget, you cannot go wrong with this.
Do you have a bearded bae?
Chances are if your man has been growing an impressive beard, he spends a fair amount of time and energy maintaining it. 
So this luxurious aftershave balm, will be the perfect gift.
Made with a blend of Shea butter, coconut and avocado oil and aloe vera, this balm with give him super smooth skin and soft hair. (No more beard rash!) 
Plus the dreamy balm has a rich bergamot scent too.
This Grey Goose gift pack is a must-have for cocktail fans.
Whether you want to make a martini, or a Moscow mule - you can't go wrong with Grey Goose. 
Made with just single-origin Picardie winter wheat and natural spring water, this is one of the purest and smoothest vodka tipples to add to the bar cart.
This simple set includes a 70cl bottle of the premium vodka and a beautifully branded acrylic glass to enjoy your favourite drinks from. 
Valentine's Day always falls on February 14, this year the special days falls on a Tuesday.
Your first Valentine's Day is a special one, so there's plenty you could do for your first one.
We'd recommend doing something sentimental, perhaps something to remind him of the day you got together, or an activity that you can both do together.
It all depends on how much you know your man, if you know he is a real foodie then a trip to a restaurant he has always wanted to visit is a great idea too.
Alternatively, you could order in his favourite takeaway to have a romantic evening in.
The possibilities are endless, just make sure it's something special to him or something you know he'll like.
Looking for the perfect gift? Think of his hobbies and interest and start there for inspiration.
Something to keep him busy in his free time, or to help him develop a new skill is perfect as a Valentine's gift.
Or you can go for something really romantic and unexpected?  Perhaps a surprise date at his favourite place, or an exciting experience he will never forget.
As long as it is something he'll love, (big or small), the options are endless.
It'll all depend on what he's into! 
Valentine's Day is the perfect time of year to show your partner how much you care. 
You can go for something useful, or if he likes reading, you can't go wrong a book by his favourite author. 
If he's into cycling, a new sports jacket or top wouldn't go amiss. 
Or maybe gaming is more his thing - does he have the latest video game that has just been released? 
You get the idea.
Alternatively, a relatively inexpensive way to a man's heart is through his stomach, so making a really nice meal for two is sure to go down a treat. 
You can't go wrong with a selection of beers, a book on his favourite subject or even vinyl if he's into his music?
You can also make something homemade, which is a great way to show you care without having to spend lots on an expensive present.
Picture scrap books, baked sweet treats or even a fry up in bed are all good options if you're low on funds (and ideas)!
The perfect present will always be matched to their interests. 
So if he's into sports, a football shirt could be a great gift, or a music fan would love their favourite music. 
Why not book something to do together? The ultimate date night, a spa day or even a mini break?  
Nothing beats a home cooked meal, and a bottle of wine and some Netflix and chill. 
If you want to make cooking a shared experience, you could order a 
 and work your magic in the kitchen together. 
Or if you both love booze go out for cocktails at your favourite bar or order a cocktail kit to make at home.
If your man loves to be pampered a spa break with a massage or facial will tick the box.
Whatever you choose, as long as your man feels special, he will enjoy being made a fuss of.
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 I’m a gypsy girl & never go to the toilet in our caravans, it has a different use
 Multi-millionaire on Rich House Poor House pays broke man £50k a year
 Dog expert reveals the breeds he'd never own or allow near his kids
&copy