Author: Keira Clarke
WE all love to experiment a little with our locks every once in a  while, but one woman who went from blonde to red has revealed the struggles she then faced for TWO YEARS trying to sort it. 
 is a lifestyle and fashion influencer and recently took to TikTok to tell her hair horror story. 
 
Though she is a natural blonde Ashley revealed she has previously dyed her hair red. 
Ashley said even though she loved her red hair, there were some things she wished she have been told before she made her transformation.   
In a 
 online she said: “This is what I wish someone told me before I dyed my hair red.”
Paige said: “Two years ago I did this pumpkin spice ginger colour and I was obsessed with it, but no one talks about how hard it is to remove red.”
Paige shares some stunning pictures from when she had dyed her hair auburn. 
But things were not all that they seemed as Paige struggled for years to get the colour out of her locks. 
She said: “It was such a vibe but I didn’t really feel like myself so I tried to go back to blonde after if you're not gonna keep you for at least a year I would say it’s absolutely not worth it.”
She continued: “I have spent the last two and half years trying to remove the red from my hair including not dying my hair for a year and a half after bleaching it because that's all you can do it doesn’t just wash out.”
Paige says if you're going auburn you need to be fully committed. 
Paige concluded: “It was so cool and I loved it but honestly for the health of your hair if you’re not gonna stay red don't dye your hair.”
Many commenters agreed they had trouble after dying their hair red. 
One said: “I thought it was common knowledge that removing red was practically impossible.”
Another added: “I kept red hair for 3 yrs....haven't dyed or cut my hair in 4...its still there.” 
“I feel like every hairdresser I’ve ever had has warned about how impossible red hair dye is to remove,” another viewer quipped. 
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 I’m a gypsy girl & never go to the toilet in our caravans, it has a different use
 Multi-millionaire on Rich House Poor House pays broke man £50k a year
&copy