Author: Charlotte Hulme
A FORMER Love Island star has opened up on her time on the show, admitting that she found it terrifying.
The dating show’s Hideaway is supposed to a huge treat for the contestants as they have the opportunity to spend quality time in their couple.
But for 2022 star 
, it was a terrifying ordeal.
The stunning star went into the Hideaway during her time on the show with boyfriend 
Speaking on a 
 The Morning After podcast with Sam Thompson, she was asked if it was actually quite scary going to the Hideaway.
Indiyah replied: “Everyone’s dying for it, but is it nerve wracking, yeah.”
Sam continued: “You must be sitting there thinking there’s no-one else there and it’s time to really find out whether you like each other in that way.”
Indiyah added: “Yeah and it’s also like, no one else is there so what are you going to do… after four weeks. I’m not going to lie it’s really nice though and you have alone time and it’s decorated really nicely.”
After Dami and Indiyah visited the Hideaway last year, 
"I think Indiyah and Dami have been to the Hideaway during non-filming days and did a thing. It’s giving soul tie," one wrote on Twitter.
Another chimed in: "Dami and Indiyah have had sex then, because for this level of blind loyalty it has to be more than surface level."
A third agreed that it might not have been shown, adding: "Indiyah and Dami gotta be f**king and edited out, I'm missing a detail here."
This year, there’s not only just a brand new villa in South Africa but also 
 – which is bigger and better than any of the Hideaways seen before.
It features a cupboard "stocked up with naughty things" which producers have dubbed "Fun Time".
The glamorous space has its very own plunge pool for Islanders to get some one-on-one time in style.
The sun-trap is said to be perfect for "extended amounts of time" thanks to the outdoor space.
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy