Author: Caitlyn Hitt
KARDASHIAN fans have been left split after Kim was seen visiting Harvard Business School to give a talk.
The Hulu star shared snaps from her visit on social media. 
Kim, 42, shared snaps suggesting she was in Boston on Friday.
She took a photo of the newly unveiled The Embrace statue located in Boston Common and snapped a photo outside of Harvard Business School.
The SKKN mogul was spotted leaving the prestigious school after speaking with students for nearly two hours. 
NBC10 Boston's Eli Rosenberg took to Twitter to share 
 of the star walking out of a school building flanked by an entourage. 
He wrote in his tweet: "Students say they learned a ton."
In another tweet, Eli revealed that Kim spoke to a class on direct-to-consumer businesses. 
She wore a black and white oversized pinstripe suit with a leather-look trench-style jacket over top. 
A Harvard Business School staffer also shared a 
 of the reality star from inside the building.
They wrote: "Not every day you see Kim K at your workplace!"
In the clip, the mom of four smiled as she walked.
Cameras and lighting people were with her, suggesting the visit may be getting filmed for The Kardashians season three. 
On 
, critics and fans alike came together to discuss the visit.
One wrote: "this reminds me of like like a high schooler passing by campus flexing on their snapchat story pretending they actually have business at harvard."
Another commented: "Why would Harvard even want her?"
Someone else wrote: "Jesus could you imagine getting into the most prestigious school ever and them bringing in Kim Kardashian to talk to you."
Another comment read: "She's a business woman guys."
Kim has evolved into quite the mogul as of late.
In addition to her job as a reality star, Kim owns Skims and SKKN.
The star also uses her fortune to invest in worth-while ventures and pieces. 
She recently spent roughly $200,000 on an Attallah Cross pendant worn by the late Princess Diana on various occasions. 
She purchased the pricey jewelry on Wednesday, according to 
.
Princess Diana wore the Attalah Cross at a London charity gala in 1987 to match her elegant plum gown.
The accessory was a loaner from the Garrard jewelry company for the evening.
Kim's outlandish buy circulated on a popular Kardashian forum, where critics cringed over the move.
"This is so disturbing. The need to be an 'icon' is deluding her brain," one person commented.
"Why [does] she keep doing stuff like this? This is cringe on another level," another remarked.
"It’s just…like…so iconic…like..they didn’t want me to have it but I..like I called the Kris Jenner and she just made it happen. It’s just sooo iconic," a third mocked, mentioning her 67-year-old momager.
"She is on a mission to buy every dead celebrity’s stuff," one more said.
In addition to being a veritable businesswoman, Kim has been working toward becoming a lawyer. 
In December 2021, the star revealed that 
 after failing it three different times. 
The "baby bar" - also known as the First-Year Law Students’ Examination - is an exam taken by students opting not to attend accredited law schools, and comes before the main bar exam which allows them to practice law in California.
After the exam, Kim took to social media to reveal that she had officially 
The reality star shared a photo in a stunning royal blue catsuit with a deep-v neckline and long train as she stared into a bathroom mirror.
"I failed this exam 3 times in 2 years, but I got back up each time and studied harder and tried again until I did it!!! (I did have COVID on the 3rd try w a 104 fever but I’m not making excuses)," she admitted.
Kim then explained how in California, the way that she's decided to study, you have to take "2 bar exams", and although "this was just the first one" it had the "harder pass rate."
She added that she "was told by top lawyers that this was a close to impossible journey and harder than the traditional law school route" but it was her only option in her goal of becoming an attorney.
The fashion mogul then thanked her mentors Van Jones, Jessica Jackson, and Edy Haney for their help in the process as well as her professors at Bar Bri Law School.
Kim closed out her post with a memory of her father, writing: "I know my dad would be so proud and he would actually be so shocked to know that this is my path now but he would have been my best study partner. 
The TV personality looked glamorous with her hair slicked back into a bun while she showed off massive diamond earrings.
Kim captioned her shot: "OMFGGGG I PASSED THE BABY BAR EXAM!!!!
"Looking in the mirror, I am really proud of the woman looking back today in the reflection," she gushed.
The star continued: "For anyone who doesn’t know my law school journey, know this wasn’t easy or handed to me.
"I am told he was notorious for making fun of people who didn’t pass on their first attempt like he did, but he would have been my biggest cheerleader!
"Bottom line is don’t ever give up even when you are holding on by a thread, you can do it!!!!! Set your mind to it and get it done because it feels soooooo good once you get to the other side!" she finished.
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy