Author: Jordan Tennant
CAROL Kirkwood looked spectacular as she spilled out of a burlesque outfit in a noughties throwback. 
The BBC Breakfast star proved she can can in an unearthed Children in Need snap from back in 2000.
As she posed with former colleagues Isobel Lang, Penny Tranter and Helen Young.
Forecaster Carol and her Beeb co-stars each pulled on a lacy pink dress complete with a feather and finished with an iconic Pudsey Bear teddy. 
The meteorologist has been a fan fave since joining the BBC team in 1998 after gaining a BA in commerce from Napier College of Commerce and Technology - now known as Edinburgh Napier University.
And she was a contestant on the 13th series of Strictly Come Dancing.
Carol even had a cameo appearance on Hollyoaks and also appeared on Would I Lie To You?
On May 23, 2022, Carol revealed on live TV that she is engaged, but is keeping the identity of her fiancé a secret.
The star offered viewers a glimpse of her new engagement ring while visiting the Chelsea Flower Show and told BBC Breakfast hosts Sally Nugent and Jon Kay that she is "thrilled" to get married.
Speaking about her engagement, she revealed: "We got engaged when we were on holiday so it's lovely news and we're both thrilled.
"We went out for a picnic, I had no idea. The weather was glorious. We were sitting, chatting, my other half was a wee bit nervous for some reason that I didn't know, he was fumbling in his pocket and out came a ring.
"I thought he was joking actually, I didn't believe him to start with but it was lovely - it was quite romantic."
We previously told how Carol looked glowing in a jaw-dropping dress after being bombarded with lovely messages.
The BBC Breakfast star shared the stunning snap with her 56,000 Instagram followers.
 
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 ITV 'axes' quiz show after first series
&copy