Author: Fay Leyfield
LOVE Island fans are convinced that producers stepped in to calm things down between Haris and Shaq.
The pair 
 on last night’s show, but immediately chatted afterwards to try and smooth things over.
But it didn’t go quite according to plan and 
was left fuming as 
insisted the boxer was immature.
He told him:  "I get that you're young and you've got all this energy and things like that, but sometimes you need to understand certain situations and know what to say, and when to say it, and I don't think you get that."
Haris raged: “Don’t dad me”, before the pair decided to leave things as they are.
Those watching at home took to Twitter to discuss the moment, with one writing: “The producers deffo spoke to them.”
A second said: “Producers said “go and settle it!”
While a third commented: “Producers setting up fake apologies. dem man were not ready to chat #LoveIsland.”
And a fourth said: “That felt like producer intervention trying to make them apologise, like the luca debacle last year idk #loveisland.”
Last night Haris and Shaq had a huge row following a dramatic game of beer pong which saw new bombshell 
, choose to kiss biomedical student 
- who is currently coupled with Shaq.
After the game, Haris quizzed Shaq over the kiss, which provoked Shaq to call him out for antagonising the situation and a shouting match ensued.
The airport security officer accused Haris of ‘s**t stirring’ and things quickly escalated as they started shouting at each other.
David was quick to call out Haris after he asked the question, saying: "What's wrong with you bro?"
Shaq piped up telling the boxer: "You're so annoying bro. You do this all the time."
Haris snapped back: "Shut the f**k up!"
Furious, Shaq raged: "You do this all the f**king time. You try and s**t stir. You s**t stir all the time."
Jumping to his feet, Haris shouted: "Don't speak to me like that," and as Ron pulled him away, Shaq retorted: "I'll speak to you however I want." 
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 ITV 'axes' quiz show after first series
&copy