Author: []
MOST of us have shivered our way through freezing temperatures this week as winter returned with a bang.
The icy cold snap prompted health chiefs to issue a level 3 cold weather alert, which is in place until Monday.
The 
 (UKHSA) urged Brits to try and ensure their homes were heated to at least 18C, to reduce their risk of potentially life-threatening conditions.
 of the potential impact of the cold on people with conditions such as 
 and 
.
Now, one doctor has warned that Brits living in cold houses could also be at risk of 
, heart attacks and infections.
While advice is in place urging people to heat their homes, many cannot afford to due to the 
.
Dr Quinton Fivelman PhD, chief scientific officer at 
, said: "Soaring energy bills have left many of us struggling to find the money to heat our homes this winter. 
"However, it’s vital that we keep them warmed to around 18C (degrees centigrade), if possible. 
"If our homes drop to 16C or lower we are putting ourselves at risk of major health problems, particularly for those people with pre-existing health conditions or over the age of 65."
He cited a study, published by experts at 
, which found that 18-21C is the ideal temperature for a living room and, when temperatures start to vary from this level, health risks begin to increase.
For example, if your home is below 9C, then you have an increased risk of hypothermia.
Between 9-12C you're more at risk of strokes and heart attacks and between 12-16C you're also more at risk of developing respiratory diseases.
Experts at Diabetes UK said those with the condition needed to take extra care.
"It really is important to stay warm, because the cold can increase your risk of heart attacks and strokes – and diabetes makes people more at risk of these complications," Douglas Twenefour, head of care at Diabetes UK said.
As the temperature rises to 12-16C, the experts say you are likely to feel some discomfort and could possibly experience health risks.
Research from Asthma + Lung UK shows that weather is a trigger for 68 per cent of people with asthma and 67 per cent of people with 
(COPD).
Erika Radford, Head of Health Advice at Asthma + Lung UK said: "The cold can cause life-threatening asthma attacks, and dangerous flare-ups in people with other lung conditions.
"It’s crucial that people stay warm in order to avoid emergency hospital admissions and severe respiratory infections."
The Oxford study highlighted that 18-21C would be a comfortable temperature, but that if you up this to 24C you will start to become uncomfortable.
Too hot, above 24C, and your risk of strokes and heart attacks also increases, they said.
Despite this, the researchers found that many homes fall under the optimum temperature.
Dr Fivelman said: "The English House Condition Survey, conducted by housing expert Richard Moore, found 28 per cent of UK homes had cold living rooms (16C or below) and 44 per cent of homes had cold hallways. 
"These are temperatures associated with danger to health and physiological discomfort.
"In 2008, researchers from Sheffield Hallam University found 10,000 deaths in the UK might be prevented if indoor temperatures were raised to 21C during the winter months.
"They found that for each one degree increase in indoor temperature between 14.8C and 19C the ratio of deaths fell by 2.9 per cent."
He added that these figures are particularly concerning this winter, especially with the high cost of energy bills.
If people are struggling, the UKHSA has advised they seek help from 
 which provides free advice on energy efficiency and national grants that are available to help keep you warm this winter.
Guidance states that if people can’t heat all the rooms they use, it’s important to heat the living room during the day and the bedroom just before going to sleep.
"Wearing several layers of thinner clothing will keep you warmer than one thicker layer. Having plenty of hot food and drinks is also effective for keeping warm," they added.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy