Author: Isabel Shaw
JUST like other parts of the body, the vagina has a built-in mechanism to protect itself - and it's called discharge. 
It helps to keep vagina healthy, provide lubrication and protect against infection and irritation.
The stuff can come in all colours and smells some of which can be suggestive of an underlying health condition. 
It is important to work out what is normal for you and see a doctor if you see any major changes.
Here, several 
 expert spill the beans on what's normal - and what's not.
Dr Virginia Beckett, of the the 
 said. "The amount of vaginal discharge varies throughout a women’s menstrual cycle, and most pregnant women will get a pregnancy discharge.
"Healthy discharge doesn't have a strong smell or colour, but women may feel an uncomfortable wetness."
If your discharge turns a yellow green colour it could mean you have 
, warns Natika Halil, of the Family Planning Association.
She also said to keep a look out for "thin and watery" discharge as that can also indicate you have the 
.
Gonorrhoea is caused by bacteria called neisseria gonorrhoeae or gonococcus.
It is easily passed between people through unprotected sex and sharing sex toys.
Typical signs include a thick green or yellow discharge, pain while weeing and bleeding between 
.
It is easily treated with antibiotics but is not without risks.
Treated early, it is unlikely to lead to complications but without treatment it can spread to other parts of the body and cause harm.
In women it can spread to the reproductive organs and cause 
 which can lead to long-term pelvic pain and even infertility.
In 
women it also increases the risk of miscarriage, premature birth and the baby being born with 
which can lead to vision damage.
So it is important to get tested straight away if you notice this change in your discharge.
If your discharge is a greyish colour it indicates one of the most common causes of changes in a woman's discharge.
A white/grey coloured discharge is a common sign of 
 (BV).
It occurs when the bacteria inside the vagina becomes disrupted.
It doesn't usually come with itching or pain but can create a strong fishy smell.
Nikita said: "One in three women will get it at some time.
"It’s not a sexually transmitted infection but can develop after you have had sex.
"Around half of women with BV won’t notice any signs and symptoms.
"Others might notice a change in their usual vaginal discharge which may increase, become thin and watery, change to a white/grey colour or develop a strong, fishy smell, especially after sex."
Bad smelling discharge can be a sign of several conditions - not just BV.
A smell which can only be described as “rotten or very unpleasant” would occur if you left a tampon inside too long, Dr Ayanthi Gunasekera, of 
 said. 
Her advice was to remove it as soon as possible.
But if you are struggling to do so - which might happen if the tampon gets stuck and compressed at the top of the vagina - visit a 
or sexual health clinic where they can do it for you.
A tampon should not stay inside the vagina for more than eight hours, the 
says.
An unpleasant smell, pelvic pain or high temperature is a sign you need to get it out urgently.
If it smells like pee, that is also a cause for concern.
It can be a sign someone has a 
, Dr Gunasekera said. 
The “ammonia” type smell is due to the infection making the pee more potent.
Other symptoms include cloudy or bloody urine and a high or low temperature.
Most people are familiar with UTIs causing a constant urge to urinate and pain when doing so. 
If you spot discharge that resembles cottage-cheese, it's a sign that you have thrush.
Thrush is a common yeast infection that affects both men and women.
It is harmless but can be recurring, according the the NHS.
Women with 
 will have a white cottage cheese like discharge that doesn't smell, itching and irritation around the vagina and sometimes a soreness or stinging when they wee.
Dr Beckett said: "Vaginal thrush is a common yeast infection that affects most women at some point in their lives.
"It may be unpleasant and uncomfortable, but can usually be treated with medication available from pharmacies or on prescription from GPs.
"However, for some women, vaginal thrush can be difficult to treat and keeps coming back."
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy