Author: Mary Gallagher
DANCING On Ice star Carley Stenson has exclusively revealed that she is friends with judge Oti Mabuse off screen.
Carley, 40, who first became a 
when she played Steph Cunningham in 
, is now following in the footsteps of husband 
.
Well the ice version of it anyway as Danny appeared on 
 in 2016.
And it's because of this link that Carley, who is a 
, is "fierce friends" with 
.
Speaking exclusively to The Sun, Carley explained: "Thinking about it, it genuinely does give me a little bit [pretends to be sick]."
She added: "I’m really nervous and excited about what Oti is going to say. Because obviously she has danced with Danny. She’s fierce. "
Carley performed for the first time this weekend following in the footsteps of week one performers including 
, 
 and former singer 
.
She then continued: "She’s a fierce friend but she’s already said ‘I’m not going to hold back Carls just because we’re friends’. I’m like, ‘no no’. "
Carley added: "Oti is amazing, so I want full Oti. I’m ready, well no I’m not ready for her!"
Back in October last year, the actress wasted not time in training for the show but she gave fans a shock when she took a 
.
Skating backwards, Carley stumbled before regaining her balance. 
Unlike her husband who came 
 on Strictly with dance partner 
, Carley it seems, would like to be crowned winner.
Speaking of signing up to the show she said: "I'm so excited that I get to learn how to dance… on ice."
She added: "I'm terrified but can't wait - I just want to make the most of this whole experience."
But Danny claimed he was pleased to have not lifted The 
 trophy "for the sake of his career."
He candidly said: "I actually think it was probably best for my career that I didn’t win."
He then added: "I mean, Ore [Oduba] will never be able to get away from the Strictly winner thing, even if it’s been the making of him.”
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 ITV 'axes' quiz show after first series
&copy