Author: []
AN unapologetically plus-size woman is on a mission to stop body shaming once and for all.
Veronica Freund 
is using her massive TikTok base of 242,000 followers to push her point home.
She doesn’t hold back in her latest video. 
“My name is Veronica and I am a fat girl, a chunky girl, 
, whatever you want to call me, I have fat on my body.”
Fat-shaming is something Veronica has had to endure for much of her life.
“This weekend I was fat-shamed and quite frankly I am used to being fat-shamed.”
But not anymore. She is galvanized and wants other plus-size women to follow her campaigning lead.
She is imploring big women to embrace the body positive and take back control from the haters.
She has strong words for her body shamer and body shamers everywhere.
“What this person didn’t know was that I have stepped into my power I know my worth.”
Veronica is on a quest and will not stop.
“Your weight does not determine your worth and I will continue to scream it from the top of every d**n rooftop until I am heard in every corner of the world.”
To those who cannot look beyond her shape and size, she has something to say.
“You see people like that don’t realize that you’re not hurting me you are fuelling me.”
Veronica is undaunted and throws out a challenge: “Those haters and shamers are going to have no choice but to look at this body baby.”
Her video has gone viral with over 68,400 likes and over 4,500 comments.
Followers have been moved by her mission to end body shaming.
“You are so beautiful. Thank you for empowering us curvy girls,” one person said.
“You are an incredible inspiration,” said another. “I aspire to your confidence and people like you. 
"You are showing people like me to embrace my body. Please continue.”
“This is beautiful and brilliant. I’m your newest follower,” said a new convert.
“Thank you, I will start finding my power,” vowed another.
Finally, keep up the work: “Good job empowering people to love themselves.”
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 I’m a gypsy girl & never go to the toilet in our caravans, it has a different use
 Multi-millionaire on Rich House Poor House pays broke man £50k a year
&copy