Author: []
TENSIONS arise on Connelton Lane next week when Will Taylor loses his temper.  
The 
 tough man is convinced an employee is responsible of theft. But could he be wrong? 
With its eleven bedrooms and numerous common rooms, Home Farm is known as the largest property in the Dales. 
Although it guarantees a luxurious life, the many owners and residents over the years have been known to have bad luck as soon as they settled in. 
This often included multiple robberies, one of which was even staged. 
In recent years, local businesswoman Kim Tate (played by 
) has made the acrimonious discovery that Home Farm 
. 
As fans of the Yorkshire-based drama, the ruthless character was 
 Jamie. 
More recently, Gabby Thomas (
) was also terrified of staying in the home, convinced Jamie had 
In a panic, she even shot Will Taylor (
) believing him to be an intruder. 
This week, Will is thrown back into drama only, this time, his life shouldn't be endangered. 
In upcoming scenes of the 
 soap, the ex-con is furious and accuses Sam Dingle (
) of stealing from him. 
Home Farm has seen many a faces move in and rush out of its doors and numerous villagers have also been hired to take care of the estate. 
Sam earns a modest income as gamekeeper at Home Farm when away from Moira Dingle's farm on Hotten Road. 
But he's not the only member of his family to have been hired by Kim Tate as his wife Lydia (
) works as a cleaner in the house. 
Could the pair have cooperated to steal from Kim Tate and her husband Will? 
How will they react to his accusations? 
Will the real culprit confess? 
Everything you need to know about Emmerdale
Emmerdale fans have been eagerly waiting for Jamie Tate to make another appearance in Home Farm, particularly after Gabby and Dawn Fletcher 
. 
Jamie Tate 
 in September, 2021, and has been lurking in the shadows ever since. 
Could HE be responsible for the thefts? 
Home Farm has also recently welcomed a new employee 
The male nanny instantly hit it off with Gabby and Dawn's children - but soap fans believe 
. 
Is their hunch correct?
Emmerdale airs from Monday to Friday at 7.30pm on ITV. 
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 ITV 'axes' quiz show after first series
&copy