Author: Sean McCormack
Sean, who is the head vet at tailored pet food firm 
, has helped with owners’ queries for ten years. He says: “If your pet is acting funny or is under the weather, or you want to know about nutrition or exercise, just ask. I can help keep pets happy and healthy.”
:  Nutritional deficiencies are common in captive parrots, and happen very gradually over time.
We tend to only notice when a symptom as drastic as feather loss finally occurs.
Unfortunately we’ve been sold a lie on most parrots and cage birds in terms of appropriate nutrition. 
Bird seed is not a complete and balanced diet, and even worse, many birds will selectively feed from these mixes of seed, eating only their favourite bits.
Often they pick the sweet or fatty elements, sunflower seeds being a firm favourite.
In my exotic pet vet days I met many parrots who had become sunflower seed junkies, ending up obese with serious nutritional deficiencies.
Try to convert Basil slowly to a more natural diet of vibrant colourful vegetables, a small amount of fruit, a tiny amount of mixed seed and the staple of his diet being a complete and balanced pelleted parrot food, appropriate for his species.
I have no affiliation but can recommend Harrison’s as a good option. A vet check is also a good idea.
SEND your queries to
n
 Puppies do like to explore their food, so it may be that Benji finds the bowl boring, wants to sniff and see each kibble before eating it, or dislikes the ceramic bowl.
I’m a big fan of scatter feeding and using feed puzzle toys.
They don’t have to be shop bought, you can get creative with cardboard boxes, plastic drinks bottles, even old tea towels folded up in various ways or tied with pockets of kibble inside.
Dogs get great mental stimulation from working for their food
MAISIE, my Cocker Spaniel, is two years old but still wants to go out in the middle of the night – sometimes to got to the toilet, other times for a sniff around.
 I think she has potentially trained you to be at her beck and call, maybe because she’s bored at night, or kind of needs a wee and the garden is fun to explore.
It’s worth getting a urine sample and asking your vet to check it to ensure she hasn’t got a urinary infection, or even diabetes, although that would be unusual as Maisie is two.
Cockers are prone to this so it is always worth watching out for increased thirst or urination.
It sounds more like she has never grown out of asking to go out at night, so change her routine.
How about moving one of her longer walks to late in the evening, a few hours after her dinner, and then one last toilet break walk around the block allowing plenty of sniffing time, last thing before you both go to bed.
Then try not to respond to her requests to go out in the night. 
It may be a battle of wills.
SIBLINGS Jasper and Willow are flying the flag for magnificent moggies.
The duo, who live at St Peter and St James Hospice in Haywards Heath, Sussex, were joint winners of Cat Protection’s National Cat of the Year 2022.
The rescue cats visit patients receiving end-of-life care, helping their loved ones feel at ease.
Cats Protection chief executive John May said: “If any readers have a special cat whom they think deserves recognition, the National Cat Awards would be excited to hear from them.”
See 
.
TO celebrate the launch of its spring range, we have joined forces with Jollyes, The Pet People, to offer five readers the chance to win a £50 voucher to spend online.
From Rufus and Rosie coats for dogs to treats for cats and hay for rabbits, there’s something for everyone.
For a chance to win, send an email headed JOLLYES to 
 by February 5. See 
.
AN EXPERT on dangerous dogs is calling for new laws to govern dog walking and other canine professional activities.
Debbie Connolly, an expert court witness in dangerous dog cases and behaviourist, has spoken out in the wake of a 28-year-old dog walker tragically dying last week in Caterham, Surrey.
She said: “I believe legislation is needed to cover dog walking, behaviourists, training, care and daycare. 
"We need a national standard for this and all dog activities. At the moment there isn’t one.”
The Dangerous Dogs Act 1991 permits local authorities to set their own restrictions and the number of dogs a walker can be in charge of, meaning this varies by area.
Debbie, also a Professional Dog Walkers Association advisor, urges readers to make sure their walker is a member of the PDWA or Association of Professional Dog Walkers and Sitters and to thoroughly vet them and their references.
She said: “There are countless brilliant dog walkers in this country. 
"The issue is not just determining who’s good and who’s not, but that sometimes they’re unaware of what the dog walker is going to do when they leave. 
"Who pays the price? The dogs and the public.”
Visit 
.
 Martin Lewis’ urgent warning over direct debits that could see you paying more
 I visited UK's smallest house - but it's TOO tiny ... I hated it
 Exact amount PIP will rise this year - will you be better off?
 Major mobile network to scrap free data roaming in Europe for millions
&copy