Author: Harry Goodwin
A MUM has slammed the "terrible" meals doled out at her son's secondary school and says he is coming home hungry.
The food at Royds Hall school in Huddersfield isn't fit to eat, according to one concerned mother.
But the school says that pupils are offered a wide choice of nutritious options, and that the kids love the food.
Photos taken by the woman's son show meagre meals like plain rice with a chunk of chicken or mince.
Another meal served to the boy consisted of two chicken goujons garnished with a pair of boiled potatoes.
The mum told 
:  "At Royds Hall the school dinners are terrible - my child is coming home hungry and he just showed me some of the school dinners for the past week.
"When my child was in years 7 and 8 the school dinner was amazing.
"However the school has got a cheaper food service called Mellors Catering and the food has just gone downhill."
She added: "I just wanted to let everyone know that the meals they are giving our children are terrible. 
"Some children are going to school for that one meal of the day but don't want to speak out."
The mum also said that the only choice of drink for pupils is a 330ml bottle of water.
Locals were divided by the mum's decision to publicly shame the dinner ladies at her son's school.
Margaret said: "I would be ashamed of myself serving that plate to anyone - I'm gobsmacked."
Millie said: "If the school lunches are that horrific why not send him in with a packed lunch?"
Nicola said: "That pictured plate is what the child has chosen.
I would be ashamed of myself serving that plate to anyone - I'm gobsmacked
"At our children's school the senior staff stand at the salad bar actively putting veg on children's plates - otherwise they wouldn't try it."
Tanny said: "My children never complain about their dinners.
"My youngest always tends to get less due to him to not liking anything."
Christian said: "Bring back the 1970s - for a school meal you'd get a shrivelled burger with thick greasy chips swimming in a plate of baked beans.
"It would be followed by a jam and treacle cornflake cake with pink custard served from a huge battered aluminium jug."
The school says that kids can choose from a range of hot, cold and side dishes, alongside jacket potatoes and sandwiches.
A spokesperson said: "We take our responsibility to provide nutritious food very seriously. 
"We check the standards frequently and listen carefully to any concerns raised by pupils, staff or parents. 
"The feedback so far this year has been positive.
"Our catering service offers a range of nutritious food." 
The spokesperson added: "Pupils make their own selection from a range of hot and cold, main and side dishes, alongside a selection of sandwiches and jacket potatoes which are available daily, all served to the pupils by the catering team.
"Pupils can choose from bottled mineral water or flavoured water."
Mellors, the company which provides catering for the school, said: "We pride ourselves on using quality products and local suppliers for the provision of our school meals across the Share Mat (multi-academy trust) where we have worked in partnership feeding the pupils and staff for four years. 
"We comply with the food school standards to ensure that every meal served to our customers is healthy and nutritious."
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy