Author: Ethan Singh
KING Charles is reportedly set to make his brother Edward the Duke of Edinburgh.
It comes after 
 was said to have wanted 
 to take the title as a "fitting way to remember the Queen".
His Majesty’s 
 after Prince Philip’s death last year. 
And it has led to months of speculation as to why he withheld it from the 
. 
Tensions within the family reportedly rose when it appeared that Charles may 
But according to new reports, the King is said to be keen to make amends with Edward after the "insulting" snub.
A source close to Edward told the 
: "It was a slap in the face, particularly when Edward has been such a help to Charles over the Andrew farrago. 
'"Also because the Queen had promised him the title before she died and it was always believed by Edward and Sophie that, in time, the title would then be passed down to their son, Viscount Severn.
"Now it does look like the tide is turning. Clearly the King has had time to reflect on the late Queen's wishes."
The monarch is said to have relied on Edward's advice while dealing with disgraced Prince Andrew.
Another source reported that the King might ask for the title to revert to the Crown after Edward dies.
The insider said: "The problem is you can have a situation where, in future, a senior title like Edinburgh, which is very important to the Union, is eventually held by someone far removed from the Throne."
Princess Charlotte potentially taking the title had got royal fans talking.
The young princess is the first female member of the Royal Family whose place in 
 has not been altered by her younger brother’s birth. 
Royal rules which previously meant girls were leapfrogged by their younger brothers were changed in 2013.
Unlike Charlotte, 
 dropped down in the line of succession when her younger brothers were born. 
It comes after reports that King Charles has made a
 dress code.
 wants his 
 to represent the “modern 21st century monarchy” so will not wear old fashioned stockings and breeches.
Instead, he has opted to wear military uniform instead when he is crowned at 
 on May 6.
The King and Queen Consort will be crowned side-by-side in Westminster Abbey on Saturday, May 6 — which is also the fourth birthday of 
 son 
.
To reflect the modern 
, dukes — including Harry if he attends — will no longer have to kneel and swear allegiance.
Only the 
 will carry out the symbolic gesture, it is believed.
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 Sleep expert reveals how to stay warm at night without putting the heating on
 I worked at Tesco and there’s a reason we always try to talk to you at the tills
&copy