Author: Jessica Lester
A LOVE Island lothario has hinted he is set to head into the villa AGAIN - for the third time. 
The reality star returned to the villa for a second time last summer, but has hinted he'd be keen to give it one final shot.
 raised eyebrows when he returned to Love Island in 2022 - four years after his debut on the show. 
The ITV2 lothario took to his Instagram with a "bombshell" post of his three pet dogs, after hinting about his return. 
"Live footage of Storm and Stella grafting the next bombshell," he joked as his dogs chased each other around.
Adam, 27, then warned his followers: "Expect the unexpected."
The star, who was coupled up with paramedic 
 on the programme, found himself single again after 
 last October. 
Paige, 24, went on to claim that the fitness instructor "ghosted" her following their break-up, after he was seen with his arms around another woman. 
She said: "He wasn't texting me back. He would leave me on ‘read’ for the entire day. My own boyfriend literally ghosted me."
Adam rose eyebrows when he returned to the villa for a second time, as he was 
. 
The Geordie native 
 the show in 2018 and was accused of gaslighting.
The domestic abuse charity released a statement around 
, declaring there were “warning signs in his behaviour”.
Ahead of his show return last year, the charity hit out again against his behaviour, as fans were left furious. 
In a statement, Women's Aid's Teresa Parker said: “In the 2018 series of 
, we saw Rosie rightly call out Adam for his unacceptable behaviour, which included gaslighting and emotional abuse.
“We hope that 
 recognise how serious this issue is and that it must be learned from, considering they have asked Adam to return to the show.
“Love Island is watched by many young people and we know what a huge influence it has.
“Producers must make sure there is support for contestants throughout, and intervene if relationships become unhealthy or abusive”.
During his first turn on the dating show, 
 - and sparked a messy split from Rosie, prompting public outcry. 
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 ITV 'axes' quiz show after first series
&copy