Author: Kiro Evans
FORMER Brazil striker Hulk missed an open goal from a yard out in an embarrassing moment while playing for Atletico Mineiro.
The striker, now 36, has been 
 of his long career with the Brazilian club. 
While he has delivered goals for Atletico Mineiro, his shocking miss might well be remembered just as vividly as all his strikes.
It was 1-1 early in the second-half in a game against Caldense in the Campeonato Mineiro, one of the many smaller Brazil state leagues. 
Hulk has already demonstrated his goalscoring ability by netting from a penalty in the first-half. 
But his goal was cancelled out six minutes later after Patrick Marcelino equalised. 
And then came to the astonishing moment when Hulk fluffed his lines. 
Video footage shows a low cross driven perfectly into his path as he charges into the six-yard box. 
With the goalkeeper and defenders beaten by the cross, Hulk only had to tap it in from a yard out. 
But the former 
 frontman appears to get his body positioning all wrong and hits the ball wide. 
The hapless forward then falls into the goal netting himself. 
Hulk would redeem himself for the miss by converting another penalty in the second-half to secure the win. 
The Brazilian was for many years a prolific striker in Europe and came to prominence after joining Porto in 2008. 
He moved to Zenit St Petersburg in 2012 and stayed for another four years. 
In 2016 he would then join the crowd of footballers moving to China as he joined Shanghai SIPG for big wages. 
Hulk would then move back home to join Atletico Mineiro in 2021 but he has 
 from his own fans. 
The star has also continued to make headlines off the pitch. 
It emerged in 2020 that Hulk had 
 after his 12 year relationship with Iran Angelo came to an end.
The pair 
 in 2022.
 Conte 'to quit Spurs at end of season with club not offering him new deal'
 Man Utd Treble winner looks unrecognisable with huge beard as he poses with beer
 Victoria Beckham gets wrapped up in David's coat while watching Romeo
 Defoe dumped partner called Donna and their dog to date wife Donna
&copy