Author: Olivia Perl
TEN YEARS ago, if I'd told you everyone would be wearing clogs in 2023, it's unlikely you, or anyone, would have believed me.
Yet here we are, a decade later, lusting over the comfortable, multi-purpose shoe that is most famously made by Birkenstock. 
But, prepare for some good news, because Boohoo has two killer dupes that are a fraction of the, pretty expensive, 
 price and they're the best ones I've found.
The humble clog comes in different forms, with some being made from wood, others leather and some made using suede as has been evident on the catwalk over the last few seasons.
This season, JW Anderson - with a nod to the famous wellies worn by Prince Harry and Prince William as children - debuted frog clogs on his AW23 catwalk in Milan and back in 2021, Hermes made the shoe trend cool again with a leather pair that were sported by celebs like Jennifer Lawrence.
But, as I mentioned earlier, the real face of the clog is Birkenstock who create comfortable styles like the Boston which comes in 
, 
 and 
. But each of these designs cost over £100 which is, obviously, not cheap.
Not to mention, they keep selling out, so have become notoriously difficult to get your hands on a pair.
Never fear though, because Boohoo's 
and 
 are some of the best dupes I've found and they're incredibly affordable.
Normally retailing at £25 a pop, both pairs have 20 percent off right now, so are available for a mere £20 each. 
That's a very good deal, as good as the deal on these 
 which you need for those icy cold days.
The 
 clog is perfect for winter, with its fleecy interior and don't be alarmed if you're not a real fur lover (I can relate), because this is all faux.
In fact, the exterior is also animal free, as the suede has been made using synthetic materials rather than animal hide.
Throw these on with a pair of socks if you're heading out into the cold or wear them as slippers around the house because why not still keep up with trends even if you're not going anywhere?
Once this cold snap passes and the weather begins to warm up, I'll be reaching for the regular 
 for the same animal-free materials and super laid back design (and I can't wait).
With no fluffiness in sight, these are perfect for sliding on whether you're on holiday and heading down to the beach or lounging around the house in temperatures that aren't conducive to fur.
Each pair has a backless design that means they're easy to slide on and off, while the buckle around the front of the shoe  is not only functional because it makes sure it's tight enough so the clog doesn't just slip off, but also adds some detail to the otherwise simple design.
I love a bargain, and these dupes from Boohoo are a must-have because they look as good as the £100 more expensive Birkenstocks. Plus they are seriously comfortable to wear.
In my book it's a no brainer - affordable, stylish and comfortable I'd recommend snapping both pairs up right now while they're on sale, so you've got your clog situation covered for the whole year.
Thank me later.
Get your capsule collection sorted with 
.
It might sound obvious, but you need the 
 in your winter wardrobe and these are our favourites.
And these are the
 to buy right now.
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 I’m a gypsy girl & never go to the toilet in our caravans, it has a different use
 Multi-millionaire on Rich House Poor House pays broke man £50k a year
&copy