Author: Rachel Dobkin
A PLUS-SIZE fashion influencer has tried on the same outfits as her size 00 sister and viewers said they both slayed. 
Lauren Licup likes to share fashion inspo on TikTok for her size 18/20 body, whether that be upcycling an old sweatshirt or posting a try-on haul.
This time, Lauren has enlisted the help of her sister, who sometimes makes guest appearances on her account, to model some outfits. 
While her sister claimed in a comment under the video that she looked "so stupid," other commenters disagreed.  
The concept of this 
 is to show what the same clothes look like on different body types (size 18/20 versus size 00).
Up first was an oversized white knit sweater from ASOS with a thrifted full-length dark brown skirt and tall black boots. 
The second outfit was a white long-sleeve turtleneck with mid-wash overalls. 
They completed the look with a thick white headband and some black Doc Marten-style boots. 
Lauren and her sister tried on some full-length black dresses from 
 for their third look. 
They paired the dresses with some mid-wash Forever 21 denim jackets and the same Doc Marten-style boots.
The last outfit was a bit more revealing compared to the modest looks of the other clothing. 
They wore brown patterned bell-sleeved shirts and light-wash straight-leg jeans. 
They showed off part of their stomachs, by folding the jean waistband down.
To finish off the look, they wore black canvas sneakers. 
Both of the girls seemed to enjoy themselves in the video, posing and smiling for the camera. 
Lauren captioned the video: "Turing my sister into me except we pretty much have the same style," with a smiley face. 
Viewers adored the modeling sisters. 
One said: "Stop y'all are so beautiful," with a crying face emoji.
"This is so cute oh my god," another wrote.
A third said: "Both slayyyyedddd."
In some typical sibling banter in the comments, Lauren's sister wrote: "Girl I look so stupid." 
Lauren responded with: "that's your own fault." 
Everyone wanted to get their hands on the overalls shown in the video.
“Your overalls, what brand/size? I’ve been looking for some but can’t find any that fit like that," someone commented.
Another TikToker gushed, “Where the overalls from I must know."
Lauren and her sister are one of many duos that have experimented with identical outfits of different sizes.
Poppy Adams, size 22, and her best friend, size 10, did an ASOS haul where they both looked fabulous across the board.
Models Mayce Gray, size four, and Emma Arletta, size 18/20 also gave it a go, but with a bodysuit from Kim Kardashian's Skims collection.  
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 I’m a gypsy girl & never go to the toilet in our caravans, it has a different use
 Multi-millionaire on Rich House Poor House pays broke man £50k a year
&copy