Author: Joanne Kavanagh
LEE Mead today revealed his painful looking bald head as he returned home from having a hair transplant in Turkey.
The 
 actor, 41, is known for his trademark curly hair, but 
.
Today 
 was spotted heading home with the result of his surgery.
He was seen sporting a painful wound on the front of his head and at the back.
The actor looked in good spirits as he arrived at 
.
Despite his sore head, Lee was all smiles as he jetted into the capital, following his trip to Istanbul.
Yesterday 
, as he shared a look at several people getting to work around him.
He had lines drawn on his head ahead of the transplant, and one man behind him could be seen finishing off the shaving.
“Definitely a new look for you - but you're rockin' it! Hope all's going well,” one person wrote.
Another said: “You’re very brave, Lee, & still just as handsome.”
The performer, who found fame in the BBC talent show Any Dream Will Do, shares a daughter named Betsy with his ex-wife, TV presenter 
.
Lee spent five years playing kind-hearted nurse Ben 'Lofty' Chiltern, first in 
 and then in 
, but he in 2019.
The following year, it was revealed that Lee was 
At the time, the performer shared: “It’s been a tough year financially, as everything was pulled, including a tour, cruises and corporate work, so I’ve literally had no financial income all year and I’ve pretty much lived off savings.
"I’ve really missed being on stage too, so there have been some low periods."
He added: "It’s been very stressful, I’m not going to lie, but my family and my partner Izzy have been an amazing support.
"They’ve picked me up and helped me through it. I don’t want to sound ungrateful, because we’re healthy and safe and I’ve managed to keep my home.
"I’ve got friends in a less fortunate position that haven’t had savings and have lost everything and are living back with their parents," the stage star shared.
"And the positive has been that I’ve got to spend lots of time together with Izzy, my daughter Betsy and my stepson Alfie, so I feel very lucky."
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy