Author: Alex Diaz
SENILE porn star Ron Jeremy thinks he’s shooting sex scenes with naughty nurses at the psychiatric hospital where he is being held, a source has told The U.S. Sun. 
On Tuesday, the adult performer, 69, was declared mentally incompetent to stand trial on dozens of rape and sex assault counts. 
Superior Court Judge Ronald S. Harris said that after reviewing reports from prosecutors and Jeremy’s defense, he found him to be in “incurable neurocognitive decline” from which he is unlikely to recover. 
The U.S. Sun is told that Jeremy - real name Ronald Hyatt - is currently being held at Patton State Hospital in San Bernardino, California. 
Jeremy was ordered to be transferred from jail to a mental health facility in March last year after allegedly suffering a breakdown in his cell. 
Now it seems that his mental decline is so bad that he at times believes he is back on set.
A source exclusively told The U.S. Sun: “Ron alters between a catatonic state and thinking he is on a porno shoot. 
“He thinks the nurses are naughty nurses there for the sex scenes, so he is always trying to grope their a**es and grab their chests. 
“He said to one girl: ‘Hey you’re my fluffer girl, come over and blow me!’ 
“The nurses have to feed him like a baby when he’s in his catatonic state. 
“He just sits there drooling. 
“When he’s lucid, he keeps asking for his old pimp pal Dennis Hof. 
“He says: ‘Get Dennis in here!’ and he has to be told Dennis is dead. 
“He’s mentioned 
 one time, too. 
“Some inmates say he’s pretending to get out of being found guilty of all those crimes but he seems genuine.”
Nicknamed “the Hedgehog,” Jeremy pleaded not guilty to 34 counts of sex assault, including 12 counts of rape, in August 2021. 
He was not in court on Tuesday for the hearing where he was declared unfit to stand trial. 
A hearing on whether to keep him in state hospital will be held next month. 
Prosecutors asked that he be periodically reevaluated.
Patton State Hospital has previously treated famous patients such as pin-up legend Bettie Page and Charlie Chaplin's baby mama Joan Barry.
Jeremy has been among the best known and most prolific actors in the porn industry for decades.
In 2018, he found his pal and Bunny Ranch brothel owner Dennis Hof dead at his ranch in Crystal, Nevada in 2018.
He is also a longtime friend of “Hollywood Madam” Heidi Fleiss, who ran a Tinseltown prostitution ring prior to her arrest in 1993. 
Jeremy was accused of using encounters with those seeking autographs and selfies to perpetrate his alleged sex attacks. 
He is accused of assaulting women and girls aged 15 to 51 between the 1990s and 2019. 
According to transcripts of grand jury testimony, Jeremy would lure his alleged victims into a small secluded space, often the bathroom of a West Hollywood bar and grill he frequents, trap them and sexually assault them.
The charges stemmed from a district attorney’s task force set up to investigate entertainment industry sexual misconduct after the crimes of disgraced Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein emerged in 2017.
Jeremy was among very few men charged due to the task force’s work along with Weinstein himself, who was convicted of rape and sexual assault in December.
The U.S. Sun reached out to Jeremy’s attorney Stuart Goldfarb asking for comment on the claims about his alleged behavior at Patton State Hospital but did not hear back.
Mr Goldfarb said following the judge’s ruling on Tuesday: “When he was arrested two years ago, I said he would be found innocent of all charges.
“Two years have passed and with the additional discovery I received, I believed he would have been found innocent. 
“It is unfortunate that due to mental condition he will not go to trial and have the the opportunity to clear his name.”
A spokesman for the California Department of State Hospitals said: “Federal and state privacy laws are very clear that we cannot release any information regarding any patients, current or previous.”
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy