Author: Gary Stonehouse
The game was due to take place at 3pm this afternoon.
However, the baltic conditions across the country have forced the game to be called off due to a frozen pitch.
A statement from 
 read: “This afternoon's game against @htafc has been postponed due to a frozen pitch.
“Despite the best efforts of the club's groundstaff with covers and lighting rigs, areas of the playing surface have been deemed too hard to play on.”
The news will come as a major disappointment to 
 until the end of the season.
It comes after the 
 with the 
 side struggling.
Blackpool are currently on a run of ten games without a win in the 
, with their last victory coming in October.
Meanwhile, just up the road from Bloomfield Road, Morecambe’s League One match at home to Port Vale has also fallen victim to the weather.
Two other games in the third tier have also been postponed.
Bristol Rovers vs Wycombe Wanderers and Lincoln City’s home game with Burton Albion will now have to be rearranged too.
Peterborough vs Charlton was another late postponement in League One.
A number of League Two fixtures are off as well due to the freezing conditions.
Newport County announced this morning: “Despite the best efforts of the ground staff preparing for the current weather conditions with the frost covers being deployed Newport County AFC can confirm that this afternoon’s game at home to AFC Wimbledon has been postponed.”
Northampton shared a photo of their rock hard surface being inspected this morning as they confirmed their match with Mansfield Town was off.
Walsall vs Swindon Town and Sutton United vs Crawley are others that were called off earlier today.
Doncaster Rovers announced last night that their match with Tranmere Rovers had been postponed.
Barrow vs Salford, Bradford City vs Carlisle, Crewe vs Stockport and Grimsby vs Harrogate are now also off in the fourth tier.
Up in Scotland, Inverness Caledonian Thistle went viral yesterday as they shared a photo of their pitch and revealed there would be an inspection.
Responding to the snow-filled stadium, one fan asked: "Who's inspecting the pitch? Torvil and Dean?"
As expected, they later announced: "Following a pitch inspection this afternoon we can confirm that tomorrow’s match against Queen’s Park has been postponed.
"Unfortunately there was still three inches of snow on the pitch and with temperatures due to go below freezing tonight."
 Conte 'to quit Spurs at end of season with club not offering him new deal'
 Ronaldo and Will.i.am dragged into legal battle involving Italian restaurant
 Victoria Beckham gets wrapped up in David's coat while watching Romeo
 Defoe dumped partner called Donna and their dog to date wife Donna
&copy