Author: Louis Regan
THE Met Office has shared five top tips to stay safe while driving on icy roads. 
Wintry 
 is plaguing the UK, with forecasters issuing yellow alerts and warning of "difficult" driving conditions.
Several yellow 
 have been issued this week as temperatures stay well below zero for many. 
The haze could be so dense in some areas that visibility falls as low as 50 to 100 metres, the Met Office has warned.
Journeys times will be longer on roads and railways, while untreated surfaces could become icy.
Experts have urged motorists to only travel if necessary, or to take extra care when heading out during the cold snap. 
So if you do need to brave the elements, these are the Met Office's top five tips to stay safe. 
Gritters usually only distribute salt when their orange warning lights and ‘spreading’ signs are illuminated.
If they aren’t, you’re generally safe to follow them at a normal distance. 
Be wary that they could begin scattering grit at any time though.
Also, don't be tempted to overtake.
Even at extremely low speeds there is a risk of skidding, especially when applying the brakes or making sharp steering inputs.
Crucially, it can take 10 times longer to stop in icy conditions so allow extra room.
Using the highest gear possible helps to avoid wheel spin.
It establishes a better grip when driving on icy surfaces.
It is important to reduce your speed and avoid harsh braking, rapid acceleration, and sharp steering. 
Do everything slowly and gently, as sudden movements could cause your vehicle to lose traction and skid.
If braking is necessary, pump the brakes don't slam them on. 
Finally, gentle manoeuvres are key during icy conditions. 
It is advised to turn the wheel smoothly to avoid skidding. 
If you do skid, ease off the accelerator.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy