Author: Sophie Donovan
A WOMAN has taken to TikTok how she keeps costs down when selling on Vinted by getting her packaging for free - and anyone can do it. 
Kylie, known online as 
, regularly shares tips for those wanting to sell their unwanted clothes and homeware online. 
In a new video, she shares how sellers can bag themselves free parcel pouches on the UPS website which will help to cut their costs. 
She said: “These are my Vinted orders and these are the free packaging again that I have from UPS. 
“So you just go on their website and apply for the free packaging, and this is how I package tops, childrenswear, stuff like that. 
“So these are free. Free postage as well, and they’re in packs of 200, I believe, the pouches.
“Just keep your money down on cost. 
“Place it in, take off the seal, and then I like to just put a little bit of brown tape, sellotape. It’s cheap enough in Poundland for a big roll.
“And there you go.” 
During the 55-second video, Kylie shows how she packages and secures the free pouches to send the items she sells on Vinted. 
Below the video, she also confirmed that you don’t 
Fans loved the savvy hack, with the video gaining more than 1,200 likes and 33,000 views. 
In the comments, Kylie’s followers thanked her for sharing, with one writing: “what????? love this.”
Another said: “Thanks for the tip I've just ordered some free packaging!”
A third added: “I done this and got boxes, bags, labels, and them sleeves.”
Kylie replied: “Can’t fault it. They’re fab.”
On the UPS website, it states: “Get free UPS Shipping supplies including packaging and labels. 
“Your supplies will arrive within a few business days.”
All shoppers have to do is insert a business name, their address and select the type of free packaging they want. 
 I was Prince Harry's Army instructor - 'suicide' training story is fantasy
 Plans for Charles' Coronation revealed including three-day bash & concert
 I’m a gypsy girl & never go to the toilet in our caravans, it has a different use
 Multi-millionaire on Rich House Poor House pays broke man £50k a year
&copy