Author: Vincent Whelan
CONOR McGREGOR shared a brilliant throwback photo of himself and John Kavanagh to mark his longtime coach's birthday.
The party pic sees him and the 
 out on the town along with their respective partners 
 and Orlagh Hunter.
This was back in The Notorious' featherweight days so he's much leaner than he is nowadays.
He was also sporting longer hair at the time with it slicked back for the occasion.
McGregor, 34, captioned the post: "Happy birthday @coach_kavanagh! The goat fight coach. 
"Ten years double world champion fighter / coach we are this year. 
"Just incredible! Love you brother, happy birthday."
Kavanagh, 46, appreciated the shout-out, replying: "Thanks champchamp!"
The duo intend on working closely together once again across 2023 when McGregor books his comeback fight.
That shouldn't too far into the future judging by his latest training pics which showed him throwing spinning kicks with his left leg used to bear his weight.
That was of course the leg he broke in July 2021 in his rubber match against old foe Dustin Poirier.
He had been back kicking since June 2022 but wasn't seen putting his full weight on the injured leg until now.
He'd also told fans to expect him back in the octagon in the opening quarter of this year.
During an impromptu Instagram Q&A last October, he said: "I'm going to be back soon, hopefully.
"Early 2023 I'm aiming for. Sometime in that first quarter.
"That will give me a good couple of months [to prepare].
"Once I wrap this up in a couple of days, get the camp going [for] a good couple of months. And get going."
As for who'll be across from him in the cage, there's no shortage of high-profile fighters keen to bag the lucrative bout.
Michael Chandler has repeatedly let it be known he'd love to throw down with the former two-weight world champion.
Most recently the 36-year-old grappler told 
: "Obviously Dana’s on board with it, I think the UFC’s on board with it – I do think Conor’s on board with it.
"We’ve seen our interactions in the past. 
"You’re not going to see me out here badmouthing him, mother-effing him, and tweeting him and all that stuff. That’s not my style.
"I’ve always been respectful of Conor. 
"I’ve always said the sport of mixed martial arts is better when Conor is in it, so let me be the other guy on the other side of the octagon.”
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Ex-Premier League star throws his 'cheating c*** ex's' stuff across garden
 Southampton and Villa stars FORCED OFF and game delayed after DRONE flies over
&copy