Author: Alex Doyle
LOVE Island fans have claimed they've spotted Will's 'gameplan' to get to the final.
The hit 
dating show returned for a Winter edition on Monday with a new batch of islanders.
Since its launch viewers have watched as producers throw twists and turns at the contestants.
So far three bombshells have entered the villa - with farmer 
 left single as a result.
New boy Tom Clare chose to couple up with 
, stealing her away from 
influencer Will.
With the 23-year-old single and now at risk of being dumped from the island, fans have a theory on how he'll manage to make it to the final.
They're convinced the Buckhinghamshire lad will strike up a 'friendship-couple' with another islander.
Taking to social media, one fan said: "Will knows what he is doing watch him make it to the final friendship couple and all."
Another posted: "Prediction: zara will choose ron, lana and will as a friendship couple. he’s fulfilling his hugo destiny."
"If Ron's head turns than that's Will's place secured and the friendship-couple-coaster will reign victorious again," said a third.
Meanwhile, the latest episode of Love Island 
 in the South African villa.
Telly salesman 
, 21, and 
, 24, came to blows last night after a kiss took place between 
, 22, and 
 24.
The Islanders were playing beer bong when David was dared to kiss the girl he fancies most for 30 seconds – and he picked Tanya.
Later on Haris asks David what his kiss with Tanya was like, leaving Shaq furious.
The airport security officer accused Haris of ‘s**t stirring’ and things quickly escalated as they started shouting at each other.
Do you have a story for The Sun Showbiz team?
Email 
 or call us direct on 
 .
We pay for videos too. Click 
 to upload yours.
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy