Author: []
AFTER a heart-warming Christmas proposal, Lola Pearce and Jay Brown get ready to tie the knot.
But the 
 favourite makes a shocking discovery that could change all their plans. 
The beloved character played by departing actress 
 is determined to tie up any loose ends after she was diagnosed with 
 and given a 
. 
Lola recently returned to work despite her declining health but in scenes due to air on 
, she stresses about her hen do. 
She feels awful and believes firmly she doesn't look her best. 
In an attempt to ease her mind, her fiancé Jay Brown (portrayed by 
) gets Kim and Denise Fox (
 and 
) to fly to the rescue. 
The sisters give Lola a glow-up, leaving her feeling on top of the world, ready to enjoy a happy night with her best girlfriends. 
In later scenes, however, Jay and Billy Mitchell (
) grow increasingly worried after seeing Lola is secretive with her phone. 
Instead of asking Lola more information, Billy resorts to swiping the device to find out what's going on behind her back. 
This annoys Jay who is already horrified by Kim's choice of costumes for him at the stag do. 
Reluctantly, Jay joins Billy in looking through Lola's phone - what will they find? 
While that remains to be seen, Lola soon walks in on both men invading her privacy which could result in heartbreak between her and Jay. 
Little does she know 
 in the near future. 
As Lola gets ready for her hen do, Billy has a false start in search for 
. 
Everything you need to know about Eastenders
Billy 
 as a wedding present for Lola, heartbroken to know she may no longer be a part of this world in a limited amount of time. 
A struggling Billy receives the help of his cousin Phil Mitchell (
) who offers to put some feelers out for Billy and the work pays off. 
Later on, the Walford tough man gives Billy the contact details for Emma Harding. 
Billy tracks her down at her work but Jay is furious to find out he went behind Lola's back and scolds him. 
Nonetheless, he tries to convince her to attend Lola's wedding - will she accept? 
There may be more on Billy and Jay's plate as the groom fails to find his bride. 
Will she get cold feet? 
Or could her health be taking a turn for the worse? 
Tune in to BBC One to find out. 
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 ITV 'axes' quiz show after first series
&copy