Author: Ethan Singh
RESIDENTS whose dreams came true when they won a share of a huge £17million lottery prize have revealed how they will spend the cash.
The BN12 4 postcode area in Goring-by-Sea, West Sussex, was announced as the winner of a whopping £16.9 million prize tonight.
And with 718 people picking up a cheque, it means around one in ten residents scooped a 
 in the 
.
Twelve neighbours in the full winning postcode – BN12 4TR – won £379,062 for every ticket played with.
Ambassador 
 surprised some winners on their doorstep with the good news.  
Single mum Stacey Rivers whose son has Leukaemia was one of the lucky winners.
Stacey, 50, won £14,816 and plans to use the money to go on the trip of a lifetime.
She said: “I’ve got seven-year-old twin sons, Phoenix and Elliot. Phoenix has Leukaemia. He’s got a year and a half of treatment and then I’ve promised them both we’ll go on a huge trip of a lifetime. This is going to help a lot.
“I think it might end up being an American road trip, visiting NASA and then ending up in Disney World in Florida.” 
And Nicki Wiltshire, 53, was in disbelief when Donovan knocked on her door to present her with a six-figure sum.  
She said: “I’ve seen you on the stage in Brighton, I’ve seen you on the stage in London and now you’re here on my driveway!
“My heart is pounding. I just can’t put into words what this means. It means the world.
“I’ve had such a rubbish year. My partner Joe lost his job so things have been tough. I can help so many people now.
“I can go on my dream holiday to South Africa. I cannot wait. I’m so happy I need a wee!”
While Wendy Vanderhoven, 59, was joined by husband Mark when she got the good news.
Wendy said: “Never in a million years did I think Jason Donovan would be knocking at my door with a huge cheque. It’s a lovely Christmas present.”
The 59-year-old is now planning to celebrate her 60th birthday next year in style, she said: “I’d love to go on a cruise to Turkey, Greece and the Mediterranean.”
Keen caravaners Wendy and Mark added that the six-figure win will mean they can travel more.
Mark said: “We can upgrade the caravan for a motorhome and help our son out with a deposit for a house. Playing has definitely paid off!”
While Lily Poland, 75,was joined by her daughter Michelle when she found out she’d won.
Lily, who is originally from West Calder – a village in Scotland, said: “Oh my God, I’m in shock.
“I came down here when I was 19 for an adventure. I ended up staying when I fell in love with Peter, my husband. We’ve been at this postcode for over 40 years and brought our family up here – it’s been a good postcode with lots of memories!”
Other people getting cheques for £379,062 include disability healthcare worker Sally Wells, 48, grandad-of-four Ian Branch, 55, and retired 78-year-old Keith Coomber.
The remaining neighbours who won £379,062 per ticket have chosen to remain anonymous.
Prize amounts for the other people across the winning postcode area ranged from £14,816 to £44,448 depending on the number of tickets played with.
People’s Postcode Lottery ambassador Donovan said: “It was fantastic surprising so many lucky winners by arriving on their doorstep and presenting them with a golden envelope and a huge cheque!
“The atmosphere was electric and I loved hearing everyone’s plans for their winnings.
“Christmas has definitely come early to Goring-by-Sea!”
People’s Postcode Lottery costs £10 a month to play and there are guaranteed winners every day. People play with their chosen postcode and are automatically entered into all draws. 
A minimum of 33% from each ticket goes to charity. Players of People’s Postcode Lottery have raised more than a billion pounds for thousands of charities and local good causes.
 Martin Lewis’ urgent warning over direct debits that could see you paying more
 I visited UK's smallest house - but it's TOO tiny ... I hated it
 Inside Hobbit-sized basement flat with tiny window facing BRICK WALL
 Exact amount PIP will rise this year - will you be better off?
&copy