Author: Amanda Castro
FRIDAY night's WWE Smackdown was nothing short of eventful as the highly anticipated contract signing with champion Roman Reigns and Kevin Owens turned violent.
Reigns entered the ring calmly and, while waiting for his opponent, Owens executed a sneak attack. 
Owens took down everyone in his path and slammed Reigns into the table, leaving the announcer trembling in the corner of the ring. 
The two will face off in the Royal Rumble next Saturday along with tonight's winners; Sheamus and McIntyre, LA Knight, Hit Row, Imperium, and Legado Del Fantasma.
Fans are reacting to tonight's Smackdown on social media and are calling Reigns a "master manipulator" for his conversation with Sami Zayn. 
One viewer even said Reigns "literally told Sami Zayn everything he wanted to hear knowing deep down he didn't mean a single word. 
"He knows Sami just wants to be loved and appreciated. He just wants to belong."
Friday night's Smackdown generated a huge audience in Detroit. 
According to WWE's 
, 14,239 fans packed the stadium to watch their favorite wrestlers in the ring. 
WWE stated of the audience, "every single one of them is FIRED UP!
...we're just getting started!"
World Wrestling Entertainment, Inc., known as WWE is an American professional wrestling promotion.
WWE, a multi-national integrated media and entertainment conglomerate, has also made inroads into other industries, like American football, movies, and other economic endeavors.
As the Capitol Wrestling Corporation, the promotion was established in 1953.
With its main roster split into two main touring groups and a development roster situated in Orlando, Florida, it is the biggest wrestling promotion in the world.
More than 1billion homes globally have access to WWE in 30 different languages.
Stamford, Connecticut serves as the company’s global headquarters, and it also has offices in New York, Los Angeles, Mexico City, Mumbai, Shanghai, Singapore, Dubai, and Munich.
Founded in 2010, NXT was designed to be a talent pool for wrestlers who wanted to then graduate into the WWE through the draft.
Over time, NXT has become a brand of its own and has established unique characters and storylines.
NXT extended into London in 2015 and became a resounding success.
Raw and Smackdown are the two brands of the WWE franchise.
Wrestlers rarely crossover, except for during WrestleMania, SummerSlam, Survivor Series, and Royal Rumble.
The key differences between the brands are as follows,
WWE is a huge franchise with multiple distinct brands. 
The talent pool has been split between Raw and Smackdown since 2002. 
The brands were originally the names of the two most popular shows but as the franchise expanded, they became their own brands.
Raw and Smackdown have separate storylines and are broadcasted at different times to give more wrestlers exposure.
WWE has a packed schedule of pay-per-view events in the coming months. 
The following list includes, where, when, and what events to expect from now until July. 
WWE events are entertainment-based performance theater rather than actual competitions, as is the case with other professional wrestling promotions.
These contain narrative-driven, planned, and partially choreographed fights; nonetheless, fights frequently entail movements that, if executed incorrectly, can put performers at risk of injury, or even death.
Vince McMahon, the owner of WWE, recognized the predetermined nature of professional wrestling in public in 1989 in order to avoid paying taxes on athletic commissions.
Recognizing that wrestling has its roots in both dramatic theater and competitive sport, WWE markets its product as sports entertainment.
Steen also wrestled for Combat Zone Wrestling, All American Wrestling, and International Wrestling Syndicate (IWS), where he held the AAW Heavyweight Championship and the IWS World Heavyweight Championship three times each (CZW).
Steen joined WWE in August 2014 and their developmental program NXT, where he held the title once before making his main roster debut in May 2015 wearing it.
He has held the United States Championship three times, the Intercontinental Championship twice, and the Universal Championship once each in the WWE.
He also served as the show’s opening act, facing “Stone Cold” Steve Austin in a special match 19 years after Austin’s retirement.
He has won the world championship in professional wrestling six times overall.
Kevin Yanick Steen is a Canadian professional wrestler who was born on May 7, 1984. Currently under contract with WWE, he competes on the Raw roster as Kevin Owens.
At the age of 16, Steen began his career in 2000.
Before signing on with WWE in late 2014, he competed for Ring of Honor (ROH) using his own name, holding the ROH World Championship and ROH World Tag Team Championship.
He also competed actively for 14 years on the independent circuit, primarily for Pro Wrestling Guerrilla (PWG), where he held both the PWG World Tag Team Championship and the PWG World Championship a record three times each.
Leati Joseph “Joe” Anoa’i, a professional wrestler and former football player, was born on May 25, 1985, in the United States.
He is currently employed by WWE, where he can be seen performing on the SmackDown brand as Roman Reigns.
Being regarded as one of the best wrestlers in the world, he is the leader of The Bloodline stable, the current WWE Champion, and the Undisputed WWE Universal Champion.
He is currently the longest-reigning WWE Universal Champion in his second reign and the current WWE Champion in his fourth reign.
He also comes from the illustrious Samoan wrestling Anoa’i family.
 was born in Charlotte, North Carolina, on April 5, 1986.
She has an older brother David and an older sister Megan, however, her younger brother Reid tragically died in 2013.
Flair has a long resume excelling in track, volleyball, gymnastics, and cheerleading before becoming a wrestler. 
She also played volleyball at Appalachian State University, but transferred and graduated with a degree in Public Relations from North Carolina State University in 2008.
For those who tuned in to Friday night's Smackdown, 
 appearance was sure to start a conversation.
The reigning women's champion entered the ring and publically called out competitor Sonya Deville. 
Flair is one of the biggest names in wrestling at the moment, holding more championships than any other woman in WWE. 
Wrestling is in her blood as she is the daughter of Hall of Famer Ric Flair.  
Brock Lesnar won the Royal Rumble 2022 after losing his WWE Title to Bobby Lashley earlier in the night.
Lesnar then went on to lose in the main event of Mania to long-time foe Roman Reigns in a winner-take-all title unification bout.
Ronda Rousey made a shock return to win the Women's Royal Rumble.
The fellow former UFC star then went on to also lose at WrestleMania, to Charlotte Flair.
The winners of Friday's Smackdown will go on to compete at this year's Royal Rumble on January 28. 
The Rumble will be held in San Antonio, Texas at the Alamodome. 
For those without a ticket to the event, it will be available to stream on Peacock. 
Zayn and Reigns had many intense conversations on Friday night's Smackdown. 
After the two argued about Zayn's intentions with The Bloodline, Reigns apologized for getting angry and initiated a heart-to-heart with Zayn. 
Although the two seemed to come to a resolution, fans accused Reigns of being manipulative on social media. 
WWE is more than the matches.
In addition to watching wrestlers battle in the ring, fans follow storylines behind the scenes. 
Friday's Smackdown delved into the strained relationship between Bloodline members Zayn and Reigns. 
Zayn revealed he believed The Bloodline was using him which offended Reigns. 
WWE has a loyal fanbase that tunes in to Smackdown every week. 
The last few matches have seen over 2million views each. 
The following are ratings from recent Smackdown episodes, according to 
, 
In the last match of the night, Legado Del Fantasma defeated Maximum Male Models. 
The group is made up of Santos Escobar, Joaquin Wilde, Cruz Del Toro, and Zelina Vega. 
The leader of the group, Santos comes from a long line of Mexican wrestlers and has been participating in the sport for nearly two decades, according to his 
. 
Imperium defeated The Brawling Brutes on Friday night's Smackdown, securing their place in next week's Royal Rumble.
Ludwig Kaiser, Gunther, and Giovanni Vinci make up the trio. 
The group began wrestling under the name Ringkampf in Europe before coming to WWE. 
Hit Row defeated Los Lotharios securing their position in the Royal Rumble. 
The trio is composed of Ashantee "Thee" Adonis, Top Dolla, and B-Fab. 
According to 
, they have been wrestling as a group with WWE since August 12, 2021. 
LA Knight swiftly defeated Wren Jones in the second match of the night. 
Formerly a member of the Maximum Male Models, LA Knight has showcased his big personality through WWE. 
He will compete next week in the Royal Rumble.
Sheamus and McIntyre kicked off Friday night's episode of Smackdown in a tight match against The Viking Raiders. 
The Dublin native is a four-time WWE World Heavyweight Champion, held the King of the Ring title in 2010, and is a two-time United States Champion. 
He mentors Ridge Holland and Butch who make up The Brawling Brutes. 
Sheamus got married to Isabella Revilla last November. 
Fans are taking to Twitter to share their reactions after tonight's Smackdown.
One viewer tweeted, "completely didn’t expect that, top-tier ending."
Another added, "This segment was just lit." 
A conversation between Roman Reigns and Sami Zayn during Friday's Smackdown is causing fans to turn against Reigns.
One fan tweeted, "Roman Reigns is such a master manipulator. 
He literally told Sami Zayn everything he wanted to hear knowing deep down he didn't mean a single word."
"He knows Sami just wants to be loved and appreciated. He just wants to belong. And he preyed on it."
As WWE fans know all too well, nothing ever goes as planned. 
What was intended to be a contract signing turned into an all-out brawl, leaving Reigns lying in the middle of a broken table.
Announcers called the event an "attack of massive proportions." 
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Eubank Jr left with horrifically swollen eye after Smith demolition
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Ex-Premier League star throws his 'cheating c*** ex's' stuff across garden
&copy