Author: Shan Ally
LOVE Island host Maya Jama showed off her natural beauty in a make-up free video.
The TV presenter - who was seen taking the lead on the ITV2 dating show for the first time this week - took to her Instagram to reveal her flawless skin.
, 28, looked incredible as she filmed an Instagram Story from her dressing room.
The telly favourite adjusted her curly brunette tresses, before posing up a storm in a black crop top and yellow combat trousers.
The star pouted for a selfie and filmed herself dancing around to Bad B****** by Breezy.
 who wowed fans with her first 
 appearance on Monday, has given an insight into her beauty routine in preparation for the programme.
Earlier this week, the former radio DJ took to her Instagram stories to reveal she underwent her first teeth whitening treatment this week.
Maya could be seen kicking back and relaxing in a black top and leggings as she underwent the beauty treatment.
A large tube with a blue light had been placed inside her mouth, as she wore a pair of dark protective glasses.
Maya then followed up with a video clip from a second treatment, as she headed for an electrode facial.
The star laid down in a bralette sports top as her hair was pulled back from her face for the "bespoke facial".
It comes after Maya finally 
 debut earlier this week.
Viewers of the 
showered her with compliments after Monday night's successful launch show.
The 
then added a series of unseen snaps of herself in that iconic black cut-out dress that drove fans wild last night.
And her celebrity friends and followers were quick to comment on the smoking snaps.
The host wowed in red crochet mini-skirt and crop top, followed by a daring black thigh-split dress – and viewers declared they were only watching for her.
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 ITV 'axes' quiz show after first series
&copy