Author: Olivia Marshall
THOUSANDS of parents could get up to £120 in free supermarket vouchers to help with soaring costs. 
The cash support comes through the 
 worth £421million.
The scheme was first established last year, extended for the second time in the 
 and for a third time in November to help those on the lowest incomes with the rising cost of living.
Each council gets a different portion of funding depending on the size of the catchment area, population, and need.
The 
 so you'll have to check to see what you can get and how your council will pay you.
You'll usually need to be on a low income to receive the help.
For example, thousands of parents in Derbyshire can get up to £120 in supermarket vouchers.
Local authorities have had some autonomy on how they use the 
 to reach the vulnerable people in their communities.
Eligibility requirements will vary depending on where you live - so check directly with your council if you could get the cash help.
For example, parents in 
 could get a £40 food voucher sent by email or text message.
There is no need to apply, and the help will be sent automatically.
To be considered for the payment, you must: 
Eligible households will get a £40 voucher per eligible child. 
So if you have three children, you could get up to £120 in help.
If you live in the catchment area of Derbyshire County Council, and you think you're eligible for the support, but you haven't received a voucher, you should:
Children whose parents claim certain benefits are eligible to receive free school meals:
If your child receives free school meals during term time then they should be entitled to vouchers during the holidays also.
However, check with your local council as this can change between areas.
You can apply for free school meals through your local authority's website.
Some households will be notified that they can apply for the cash help and others will receive the cash automatically.
Again, your council will set out whether or not you need to apply for the free cash.
Your local council will likely have its own version of the scheme going and you should get in contact with them to find out more.
But be quick - while the deadline for councils to hand out the latest tranche of HSF cash support is March 31, 2023, it's done on a first-come-first-serve basis.
For example, thousands of residents in 
 at supermarkets.
And eligible households can get up to £180 in free supermarket vouchers depending on their circumstances.
Thousands of residents in 
 are also due electronic 
.
As part of the Autumn Statement, it was revealed 
Eight million households currently get 
 worth up to £650, but eligibility criteria could change under any new rules.
Pensioners have also started getting a 
.
The current 
 
 payment is being 
 to millions on a low income.
You qualify under the current rules if you normally get the 
, but this could change under the new rules.
The £300 
 payment is paid on top of the other winter support.
You'll need to be:
Struggling families are eligible for the 
 to help them tackle the 
.
The scheme is where eligible households can get £150 off their 
 each winter - but you'll have to wait until the colder months to get the money off.
Households in England and Wales don't need to apply to get the cash and 
 if they are receiving certain benefits.
You can read more about who's eligible 
.
There are also plenty of energy grants and schemes open to help you out if you're struggling:
There's also 
 if you're on a prepayment meter.
 Supermarket makes huge change to its loyalty scheme -it could help you save cash
 Martin Lewis’ urgent warning over direct debits that could see you paying more
 I visited UK's smallest house - but it's TOO tiny ... I hated it
 Inside Hobbit-sized basement flat with tiny window facing BRICK WALL
&copy