Author: Shan Ally
I'M A Celebrity star Scarlette Douglas said she's struggling to find love after appearing on the ITV jungle show. 
The property expert - who 
 Lyndrik Xela last year - said she is keen for some "hot single men" to slide into her DMs.
But the TV presenter, who quit her job hosting 
 in August after seven years to focus on a new property series for 
, 
, said her new work commitments has made dating tricky.
 has also 
 Good Morning Britain and Lorraine to become the new face on the channel. 
Speaking exclusively to The Sun about single life, Scarlette said: "No one has slid into my DMs - what's going on?
"I mean the people who slide into my DMs are quite questionable - but if they're any hot guys out there who want to slide into my DMs let me know."
Discussing how her work schedule and love life has clashed, Scarlette continued: "I don't have time to do anything, I can't even date at the moment. 
"I work, I sleep, I eat and then it goes again. 
"So, at some point I do actually need to take the time to date someone.
"It's been very busy, I've just not stopped - I've not really had a chance to process everything. 
"Mainly I'm on GMB covering Richard Arnold's entertainment slot and I've got my own little slot on Lorraine which is really good."
 found success when she competed in the 2022 series of 
.
The star became a fan favourite with viewers for 
 as well as her 
.
Scarlette was the 
after ITV newsreader 
, 42. 
When asked if she's still in contact with her I'm A Celeb campmates, Scarlette replied: "Yes, we've got out WhatsApp group, we're all chatting. Chris Moyles has got his birthday party coming up, so we're all going to be at his party."
Scarlette also set the record straight on the feud between her co-stars and politician Matt Hancock, after it was reported that he was excluded from the WhatsApp group. 
She told us Cirque Du Soleil KURIOS premiere at the Royal Albert Hall on Wednesday: "No, that was a whole drama, don't worry, Matt's in the group - it's all okay."
Before camp she was also known for her presenting work on the 
 series, 
 as well as her various appearances on other shows including 
 as well as 
.
Scarlette, who previously told how she had to leave the Channel 4 property show through exhaustion, said she has no regrets quitting the programme.
"I always think forward, I never look backwards,"  Scarlette said.
"I've done that and that's what's helped me launch my career as a presenter and now there is loads coming up. 
"I have Worst House on the Street with my brother, I do Derelict Home in the Sun and I have some other things in the pipeline."
The Sun exclusively revealed that Scarlette had called it quits with 
 Lyndrik after a two-year relationship and is said to have split due to their work schedules clashing.
A source told The Sun: "They split quietly earlier this year - it was difficult with her schedule and his career.
"She was upset when it first happened, but she is doing okay now and is looking forward to her I'm A Celeb journey."
The couple first met more than a decade ago when they were starred alongside each other in West End show Thriller Live.
Scarlette previously admitted it's "tricky" to balance her work schedule and home life, given the amount of time she spends abroad filming 
The property expert explained that she often works "crazy hours" and is often away from the home they share together.
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy