Author: Oliver Grady
DAVID Salako is the first contestant to be voted out of Love Island 2023 - and he has broken his silence in his first interview.
Speaking after being kicked out of the villa in his first recoupling, 
revealed his thoughts on getting the chop after less than a week on the show.
He also predicted a 'test' on the horizon for one couple and said one boy is likely to have his head turned.
David revealed he was blindsided by the outcome of the recoupling, as she was convinced Tanya was going to pick him over 
"Obviously you’ve got to go in hoping you have a chance," he said. "The four things she said during the re-coupling, I thought were about me, and then she picked Shaq. I was like, that’s wonderful…
"Me and Tanya did have a good bond. We just found it easy to have a conversation with each other. But maybe that’s all it was between us, just good conversation."
He predicts, however, that Tanya and Shaq will have more challenges that could rock them in the future.
"They’ve got a good bond, but they’ll have tests," he reflected. "Shaq will have a girl come in who likes him. So it’ll be interesting to see if his head turns. But for now they are a good couple, definitely."
Shaq described being a bombshell as "nerve wracking" but had a word of warning for islanders, who he thinks are too "scared" at the moment.
revealed: "I feel like people need to be a bit more confident with how they feel. People are scared of hurting other people’s feelings, which is obviously OK. 
"No-one wants to hurt anyone’s feelings. But you’ve just got to be a bit selfish in there."
His advice for fellow islanders?
"Just go with your heart," he urged. "If you like someone, just go for them. If you’re not feeling someone, tell them, because someone could go, or a bombshell could come in.
Tonight's recoupling saw the girls choose who they wanted to be coupled with.
 picked 
, 
opted for
and 
 plumped for Haris.
Tanya picked Shaq, saying it would be "a shame to see him go", while 
 went for Ron because she "likes his banter".
This left Lana to choose between Will and David and she went for the hilarious farmer.


 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy