Author: Dan Cain
CORONATION Street actress Vanessa Hehir has confirmed she has left the soap. 
The actress, who has played Esther Hargrave since September, paid tribute to the soap and her co-stars on Instagram in a farewell post.
She wrote: “And just like that the Corrie adventure is over. I’ve truly had the most fun working with the best people and have made friends for life. It was worth the 30 years of auditioning since I was 11 to end up working with these phenomenal peeps. 
"What a crazy ride it’s been. Love you guys, @harrietanneb @james.t.craven and @tomlorcan who Is definitely in my top 5 of TV husbands (Yey! High 5!)."
Fans praised the former Emmerdale star's performances and were sad to see her go.
One commented: "Missing you already!"
Another said: "You’re too good to let go!!"
A third posted: "Aw you were great well done x."
Vanessa was at the heart of a controversial surrogacy storyline during her time on the show, which concluded on-screen this week.
Her character Esther and husband Mike struck a deal with troubled pregnant teen Summer Spellman [Harriet Bibby] to take on her baby.
Summer had suffered a miscarriage but did not let the couple know. 
When she discovered Mike had a secret son from a past relationship she intended to use the information to get out of the baby deal.
However, desperate to keep his past hidden from wife Esther, Mike locked diabetic Summer inside their home.
The teen passed out and was only discovered when unaware Esther returned and immediately called an ambulance.
Following her exit, Vanessa shared photos from behind the scenes on the soap. One snap showed her and Tom Lorcan, who plays her on-screen husband Mike, joking as they posed for a photo by the front door of their character’s house. 
While another showed her, Tom, Harriet, Daniel Brocklebank and James, who plays Summer’s boyfriend Aaron Sanford, all enjoying a drink in the Rovers. 
However, she finished by leaving a hint she could return  And a third and final snap showed a TV camera set up outside the Rovers along with the caption: “Bye for now… @coronationstreet”. 
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy