Author: Joanne Kavanagh
LOVE Island has only just begun, but one body language expert is convinced that two Islanders are about to explode.
It comes after 
 nearly came to blows on the 
 reality show.
The fight occurred when 
asked newcomer 
 about the kiss he shared with 
 love interest 
. 
Last night saw the 
, although things were still now right between them.
But Body language expert Darren Stanton has now shared his thoughts on "aggressor" 
 and "alpha male" 
, as the two faced off in the villa.
Speaking on behalf of 
, he said: "The conflict between Haris and Shaq was interesting psychologically, as it demonstrated that Shaq, although normally super chilled and calm, was prepared to step up and defend himself. 
"In this situation, Harris appeared to be the aggressor as he mentioned David’s kiss with Tanya. 
"The fact Haris brought it up leads me to believe that he is dealing with his own trust issues, despite the bravado he likes others to perceive. 
"I think it’s definitely cost Haris support from the public and could potentially have made him unpopular. 
"Shaq emerged as the alpha male within the group following the argument."
Darren added: “I still feel Kai is very much the daddy figure within the villa, who tries to maintain harmony amongst all of the guys. 
"He seemed keen to resolve any kind of conflicts between the two.”
Meanwhile, last night's recoupling saw 
.
He had only been on the show a few days, and is the first to leave the new series.
Speaking after his exit, David revealed he was blindsided by the outcome of the recoupling, as he was convinced Tanya was going to pick him over Shaq.
"Obviously you’ve got to go in hoping you have a chance," he said. "The four things she said during the re-coupling, I thought were about me, and then she picked Shaq. I was like, that’s wonderful…
"Me and Tanya did have a good bond. We just found it easy to have a conversation with each other. But maybe that’s all it was between us, just good conversation."
Here's your rundown of the 2023 Love Island contestants
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy