Author: Phil Thomas
DAVID DE GEA is willing to take a pay cut if it secures his long-term future at Old Trafford.
have just activated their 12-month option on the goalkeeper, keeping him at the club until the end of next season.
The Spain star, 32, would love to stay way beyond that and is hoping for a minimum three-year extension if he can agree a new deal.
Now Old Trafford sources claim 
 told club bosses he is after security, rather than trying to hold them to ransom — and if that means slashing his wages, then he will do so.
He is currently the Reds’ top earner at around £375,000 a week and would have to take a drop of more than 25 per cent to get his wish.
Boss 
has assured the keeper he has his full backing and is not chasing a new No 1, despite links with Brentford’s David Raya.
De Gea hopes that by blinking first a deal can be done as he does not want contract talks heading into the summer.
And insiders claim United are equally confident of reaching an agreement for the man who has been at the club since June 2011.
De Gea must keep 
 at bay in today’s Emirates showdown.
United’s clashes with the Gunners were often fiery encounters when 
 and 
 were in the dugouts.
Ten Hag and Arsenal’s 
 are unlikely to generate as many off-field headlines.
Yet De Gea does not see why the current gaffers should not slug it out for trophies over the next few years.
He said: “I hope so. We’re talking about one of the best managers in history, Sir Alex and Wenger from Arsenal.
“It’s different eras, different football but let’s see. 
"Both teams have always been massive clubs, always playing to win trophies.
"So, it’s nice to play each other now with both teams in such good shape and playing well.”
Ten Hag has only been at United for six months but has transformed the club into title challengers for the first time since Fergie left in 2013.
And a nine-game winning run was only ended by Crystal Palace’s late equaliser on Tuesday.
Arsenal’s sole defeat came at Old Trafford in September but the rematch is a game United really need to win if they are to get in the title mix.
De Gea, who once made a record-equalling 14 saves when United won at the Emirates in 2017, knows it is a big ask but reckons it can be done.
He added: “We are playing well, competing very well, the team has a great spirit and we all want to win.
“The feeling is good. Arsenal are doing really well this season — but we have to go there and try to win the game.”
United must do so without midfielder Casemiro, who is suspended after his fifth booking of the season.
De Gea admitted: “He’s one of the best players in the team, so it’s going to be a big miss.”
 Conte 'to quit Spurs at end of season with club not offering him new deal'
 Victoria Beckham gets wrapped up in David's coat while watching Romeo
 Ex-Premier League star throws his 'cheating c*** ex's' stuff across garden
 Southampton and Villa stars FORCED OFF and game delayed after DRONE flies over
&copy