Author: Dan Cain
TV star Jenny Powell was a golden goddess last night as she slipped into a glamorous dress for the grand opening of a luxury hotel in Dubai.
The 54-year-old was on the guest list to watch Beyoncé perform a spectacular show at Atlantis The Royal.
It was a night of decadence as big name influencers rubbed shoulders with the likes of
, Jay Z and Liam Payne at the resort.
took a glam snap in her hotel room after making the finishing touches to her outfit.
Her long legs shimmered as she perched by her bed and showed off her strappy heels.
Fans next saw her boarding a luxury yacht that whisked her to the five star hotel that is on its own peninsula.
Earlier in the day, Jenny, who is in the city with her daughters -  Connie, 21, and Pollyanna, 14 - hit the beach in a colourful bikini and looked in amazing shape.
The trio enjoyed a visit to the stunning eco-friendly Sonara Camp retreat in the middle of the desert.
Guests can expect to enjoy dishes such as beef tacos, chicken shawarma, fusion lamb asador, black truffle and mushrooms risotto, to name but a few, before relaxing in hammocks or, if they're feeling more adventurous, quad biking and dune buggy driving.
Back over at The Atlantis no expense was spared at the grand opening weekend as
 picked up a whopping £20million for her extravagant set.
She was supported by hubby 
 and their three kids, 
 — who joined her mum on stage for a rendition of Brown Skin Girl — as well as 
.
, who last performed in 2018, walked the red carpet in a gold sequinned gown before changing into a yellow floor-length dress.
The show lasted one hour and 15 minutes, meaning she earned £266k a minute.
Celebs had been jetted in for the three-day extravaganza, including 
, 
 and 
, 
 And Marvin Humes, Pussycat Doll Kimberly Wyatt, 
 and his new girlfriend Kate Cassidy, supermodel Bar Refaeli, Jodie Kidd, 
, former 
 star 
 and ex-boxer 
.
Cashmere scarves were handed out in case anyone got chilly during Bey’s set and wristband holders were given an allocated space.
She started with At Last, by Etta James, a nod to the fact the 43-storey hotel took years to build, before singing hits Halo, Spirit, Be Alive, Bigger and ending on Drunk In Love — but there were no songs from her new album.
An insider said: “Guests were offered hair and make-up before the gig and given a VIP gold bracelet for access instead of a bog-standard wristband. 
"It was the hottest ticket in the country, perhaps the world.
“It was an intimate, personal set, with a beautiful gold sun backdrop and dancers in red.
“It’s a hint of what’s to come with Beyonce’s upcoming tour.”
As well as free-flowing booze and food, there was a vending machine dispensing Moët & Chandon champagne bottles.
The show was punctuated by an elaborate firework display and afterwards mega DJs Swedish House Mafia took to the decks for those who wanted to carry on partying.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy