Author: ESTHER SHAW
HOUSEHOLDS looking for ways to keep a lid on soaring energy bills can make some easy savings with an easy and affordable insulation tip. 
If you have an open fireplace and can no longer afford the coal or wood, then you should take steps to 
 it, as a huge 40% of that room’s heat loss goes up the chimney.
This is according to former builder, Clive Holland, now a broadcaster on Fix Radio, a station for tradespeople.  
“If you want to reduce 
 wastage, cut a piece of Celotex or insulation board to the shape of the grate and push it in tight,” he told The Sun. 
“Remember to drill a couple of small holes to allow the chimney to breathe, and to not cause 
.”
You can pick up a piece of Celotex general purpose insulation board (measuring 2.4m x 1.2m, with a thickness of 25mm) online or from a DIY store from around £15.
According to the 
 Saving Trust, draught-proofing your chimney when you’re not using it could save around £90 a year.
Alternatives to insulation board include an inflatable draught excluder which will fit snugly inside your chimney. Costs could start from around £20, according to the Energy Saving Trust. You just need to ensure it has a small vent.
Or, you could look at buying an excluder made from a breathable material, specifically designed for the size of your chimney. 
These allow air to pass through, but keep the heat in. For example, the Chimney Sheep, made of coarse Herdwick wool, costs from £18.
By plugging the passage and saving warm air, you’ll use less energy to heat your home. Not only will this 
, but it will also make your property warmer and cosier, too.
It should also mean you’re not tempted to turn up the thermostat. As a guide, most households should be comfortable at a temperature of between 18 and 21 degrees Celsius.
Crucially, always remember to remove any form of draught-proofing if you do decide to light a fire.
While energy bills were initially set to be capped at £2,500 for the average household for two years, Chancellor Jeremy Hunt has said the Energy Price Guarantee will now only last until April.
At that time, consumers can expect their annual bill to reach £3,000.
With families facing eye-watering bills, Clive is keen to share a host of ways to keep energy costs down.
Another clever 
 involves hiring a thermal imaging camera.
“This will reveal a multitude of sins as to exactly where you are losing valuable heat from your home,” he said. 
“Prepare to be both amazed and shocked. The beauty is, once you’ve located the worst culprits, you can then start to focus on putting things right. 
"Typically, it costs around £90 to rent one of these devices for three days, but you may be able to negotiate on a cheaper price to hire one for just 24 hours.”
Another recommendation from Clive is to make space for your radiators.
“Try to avoid pushing sofas or shelves against them,” he said. “You want them to heat rooms, not furniture.”
While you’re at it, take the opportunity to bleed your 
.
“This will help optimise the performance of your heating system,” said Clive. 
“Bleeding a radiator is a simple process you can carry out yourself, using a dedicated key to turn the value at the top.”
The aim is to remove any air pockets from inside the radiator and get the hot water flowing through properly.
“Once bled, bear in mind the boiler will need re-pressurising back  up to 1.5 or two bars, whichever your manufacturer suggests,” added Clive. “Follow instructions using the keys provided to re-pressurise.”
If you have PVC patio doors or French doors, check the locking mechanism inside.
“If possible, switch to a winter setting,” said the money-saving expert. “Invest in draught excluders around your front and back doors. These are a cheap and effective way of improving insulation to your home.”
You can pick up  a fabric one for less than a tenner. Better still, why not fashion your own from an old blanket or towel, as this won’t cost you a penny.
Having a home that is property insulated can make a real difference to gas and 
.
“Simple steps such as these won’t make up for the sharp rise in energy prices,” said Clive. “But by making small changes, you could save hundreds of pounds a year.”
For more suggestions on ways to keep bills down, read our round-up of 21 ways to cut costs.
 Martin Lewis’ urgent warning over direct debits that could see you paying more
 I visited UK's smallest house - but it's TOO tiny ... I hated it
 Exact amount PIP will rise this year - will you be better off?
 Major mobile network to scrap free data roaming in Europe for millions
&copy