Author: Kara Godfrey
NEXT time you are booking your holiday online, you may want to ditch the comparision website.
Experts have explained why you should go direct to the hotel.
You could end up having some amazing 
 if you use the hotel's own website.
This is because they don't have to pay any commission, unlike if you use a third party comparison website.
According to the 
, the Calton Tel Aviv hotel gives guests a free $40 taxi from the airport if you book via the website.
Stay for more than three nights and you can get a free massage and 
.
Other hotels will also hold a number of rooms back on their website that isn't available on third-party websites.
Megan Scheid, vice president of hospitality at a resort in New Hampshire said direct bookers have access to the "best rooms in the house" as well as last-minute availability.
She said: "We shut off the online travel agencies long before we sell out."
Shane Lambert, a former hotel manager
: "A lot of hotels punish people for booking through third-party sites.
"They don’t like paying the commission and would rather you booked with the hotel directly.
"The consequence is that you get the worst room within the room category you book a lot of the time."
It's the same for flight comparison websites - and you could even be the 
.
Flight attendant Celessa Dietzel recently revealed that people who bought their ticket via a search engine are more likely to be chosen to leave the plane first.
She told 
: “I always tell people whenever they're afraid they might get bumped is, ‘Okay, well how did you find your ticket?’
“Some of the general areas that [cabin crew] look for are the lowest fare tickets, those who checked in last, non-refundable tickets [and] tickets that are bought through a third-party website.”
 Kristie Koerbel agreed, adding: "Also, be aware that if a flight is oversold and no one volunteers to give up their seat, the 
 will be the family that saved a few dollars by using a bargain website."
 Inside ‘world’s most beautiful McDonalds’ with stain glass windows & chandelier
 Why you should always pack a golf ball in your suitcase - even if you don’t play
 The cheap UK break with activities included - for under £100 each a night
 Inside Dutch fairytale theme park which visitors say is ‘better than Disneyland’
&copy