Author: Daniel Nuttman
ANDY Murray is one of the most decorated tennis players of his era, winning three grand slam singles titles, two Olympic gold medals and the Davis cup.
However, his coach is someone even more decorated in the sport. So who is 
?
Murray's coach is former world number one, Ivan Lendl.
Lendl was one of the most decorated players of his era, winning eight grand slam titles.
He won three French opens, three US opens and two Australian opens during a 16-year career.
The 
 player reached a total of 19 grand slam singles finals over the course of his career. 
He took part in 1,310 singles matches, winning 1,068 of those, giving him an overall win percentage of 81.5% during his career.
Lendl was world number one for a total of 270 weeks, first achieving this in 1983.
Lendl had previously been a coach to the Scottish tennis legend on two occasions, helping him to two 
 titles, two Olympic gold medals, as well as the US open in 2012.
They first worked together between 2011 and 2014, before electing to work with former Women's world number one and two-time grand slam champion, Amelie Mauresmo.
The pair reunited in 2016, which coincided with Murray winning his second Wimbledon title against Canadian Milos Raonic. Murray became world number one for the first time.
 They split again in 2017, with Lendl later teaming up with Russian Alexander Zverev, helping him win the ATP finals in 2018.
Ivan Lendl was born on March 7, 1960 in Ostrava, Czech Republic.
He is currently 62 years old.
Despite winning eight grand slam titles, Lendl was unable to win Wimbledon.
He got to two finals at the all-England club, in 1986 and 1987, but was runner-up on both occasions.
His first final was a straight sets defeat to eventual three-time champion, 
.
His second was in similar fashion against Australian Pat Cash, who in doing so won his only grand slam title.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Ex-Premier League star throws his 'cheating c*** ex's' stuff across garden
 Southampton and Villa stars FORCED OFF and game delayed after DRONE flies over
&copy