Author: Aliki Kraterou
GERARD Pique was spotted driving in Barcelona with his sons Milan, nine, and Sasha, seven.
The 
 was seen driving in a black Range Rover in the Spanish city while his kids were sipping juice in the backseat.
The former Barca defender was previously 
 following the bitter split from 
.
The pair split last summer after the football ace left her for 23-year-old 
.
Following their breakup, the 
pop star released a revenge song
 that became an instant success.
The singer's 
, released last week, has left little doubt that she is referring to her former partner and his younger lover.
And Shakira has now shared the song's choreography in a TikTok video that has gone viral. 
The Colombian star can be seen dancing with another three women, the group Bella Dose, while Tu ( You) is heard in the background.
The clip has already gone viral with over 120 million views as fans have praised the star for her looks and her music.
One said: "She’s Shakira for a reason."
Another one commented: "Show him how strong you are Shakira. And you look great, as always."
Someone wrote: "I love you! you're iconic and always have been."
Shakira 
 comparing the relationship to swapping "a Ferrari for a [Renault] Twingo". 
Pique responded to the song by turning up to work in an £8,000 Renault Twingo and boasting his new seven-a-side project the King’s League had landed a 
.
While the song has caused some controversy among fans, Shakira called it a “catharsis and a release.”
Called Shakira: Bzrp Music Sessions Vol 53, it surged to the top of Spotify’s Top 50 Global chart within days.
It also became the Latin song with the most streams in a single day in the platform's chart history.
The Colombian singer-songwriter said: "I never thought what for me was a catharsis and a release would go straight to number one in the world.
"I want to embrace the millions of women who rise up against those who make us feel insignificant.
"Women who defend what they feel and think and raise their hand when they don’t agree - They are my inspiration."
Shakira is said to have discovered Pique's alleged affair thanks to 
 that had been eaten.
The pop star allegedly hired a private investigator to trail 
 to confirm her suspicions.
 was then forced to pay an agency to keep photos of the pair getting close, private after the PI firm flogged them to paparazzi.
In another twist Shakira put a terrifying life-size witch doll on her balcony, facing her mother-in-law’s house in the same street.
The singer is now reportedly 
 to try and distance herself from her in-laws.
 Conte 'to quit Spurs at end of season with club not offering him new deal'
 Victoria Beckham gets wrapped up in David's coat while watching Romeo
 Defoe dumped partner called Donna and their dog to date wife Donna
 Ex-Premier League star throws his 'cheating c*** ex's' stuff across garden
&copy