Author: Lloyd Canfield
Kai Havertz came closest to breaking the deadlock before seeing his goal ruled out for offside.
But Graham Potter will be delighted to see his January mega-money signing 
 shine on his debut.
It has not been an easy ride for either of these teams, but a point can be something to build on for both Graham Potter and Jurgen Klopp. 
This is how the next four games look for both sides...
That is all from us for coverage of today's game on SunSport, but stay with us and check out the player ratings from today's match up 
 
This is the story of the momentum in today's game, and it reflects the back and forth nature of the tie. 
Chelsea generally had short, dominant spells, whereas Liverpool were less dangerous but for longer periods of the game, with more sustained pressure at times. 
A few good defensive performances today for both sides, namely Ibrahima Konate, Marc Cucurella and Thiago Silva. 
But it is the brilliant Brazilian who picks up the SunSport man of the match award, for another imperious display for The Blues. 
He almost had an assist for the opener, when Kai Havertz tapped home after three minutes, but that was correctly ruled out by VAR. 
Aside from that he was dominant in the air, and as great defenders do, made Badiashile look like he had been playing Premier League football for years. 
Doing all this at 38-years young, as you can never connote the word old with Thiago Silva. 
Who was your man of the match?
Well it wasn't quite the exciting game we were after, and the stats probably reflect what was a cagey and tight affair at Anfield. 
Both teams looked a bit nervous and afraid of losing this one, but ultimately they will both be a bit disappointed with only one point, which could leave them 12 points away from a Champions League place. 
There were bright sparks in the game, with Mykhailo Mudryk leaving Chelsea fans with something to be excited about and Thiago Silva and Badiashile being imperious at the back. 
But, at least it's not a loss may be the words echoed in the changing rooms of both sides, and we look forward to the rest of the games today. 
This is how the match stats looked: 


Full-time at Anfield, and it ends all square. 
Kai Havertz had the ball in the back of the net after just three minutes, but it was ruled out by VAR.
There were good chances for both sides, particularly falling to Benoit Badiashile and Mohammed Salah, but a 0-0 is probably a fair result. 
Azpilicueta makes a great block to deny Darwin Nunez, but the Uruguayan danger man was offside regardless. 
Chance for Chelsea!
Mudryk finds a ball through to Chukwuemeka, but the youngster can't get his shot on target. 
Everyone is arguing about everything right now. 
Every throw in is heavily contested, and Klopp is losing his mind at the fourth official after Nunez kicks the ball out of play and it is given as a Chelsea throw. 
Five minutes of added time at the end of the second half. 
"Is there a fire drill?" Chants coming from the Chelsea fans. 
Liverpool fans are leaving early, probably in hopes to beat the traffic. 
They will regret that if there is a late winner for their side. 
Inside the final five minutes of normal time, but you would expect a fair chunk of added time at the end of the second half. 
Almost a chance for Chelsea, as Konate loses the ball, but Chukwuemeka slips just before he can get to it. 
A few changes for both teams. 
Azpilicueta is on for Chalobah. 
Chukwuemeka is on for Mount. 
Aubameyang replaces Kai Havertz. 
Fabinho, Henderson and Curtis Jones are on for Liverpool in replacement of Bajcetic, Gakpo and Harvey Elliott.
Chalobah is down for Chelsea, and it looks as though he might have to be replaced by Cesar Azpilicueta, who will make his 500th appearance for the club. 
Chalobah gets booked while leaving the pitch. 
Chance for Chelsea!
Mudryk finds Mount, who finds the ball for Ziyech to have a shot on goal. 
The shot is saved well by Alisson. 
Konate catches Cucurella late this time, but avoids a yellow card from the referee. 
Chance for Mudryk after another great Ziyech cross. 
The Ukrainian tries to take a touch, but perhaps should have just taken the shot first time. 
Ziyech whips another good ball in towards Mykahilo Mudryk at the back post, but it is cleared by the Liverpool defence. 
Chance for Gakpo!
The Liverpool forward receives a ball from Nunez on the edge of the box, and fires a shot on target, but it is saved by Kepa. 
Mudryk absolutely burns Milner for pace on the left hand side, and the Englishman is forced to bring him down. 
Yellow card for Milner. 
Almost a perfect introduction for Mykhailo Mudryk!
Left foot, right foot from the Ukrainian who almost gets a debut goal!
His shot hits the side netting, but Chelsea fans will be happy if that is a sign of things to come. 
A first change for Liverpool, which is not like for like. 
Naby Keita is off, and he is being replaced by Darwin Nunez. 
Nearly a beauty from Hakim Ziyech!
It is a great cross-field ball from Mason Mount to the Moroccan international, who cuts in and beats four or five Liverpool players before eventually getting a shot off. 
The shot however, flies over the bar. 
Half-chance for Chelsea, as Ziyech's ball into the box is poorly cleared by Joe Gomez to the feet of Conor Gallagher. 
Gallagher fails to take an early shot, and eventually gets a corner out of Liverpool. 
Here he comes, Mykhailo Mudryk is on for Chelsea in replacement of Lewis Hall. 
 Conte 'to quit Spurs at end of season with club not offering him new deal'
 Man Utd Treble winner looks unrecognisable with huge beard as he poses with beer
 Victoria Beckham gets wrapped up in David's coat while watching Romeo
 Defoe dumped partner called Donna and their dog to date wife Donna
&copy