Author: Ethan Singh
TWO cyclists have been killed in a horror hit-and-run crash with a man arrested for dangerous driving.
Cops and emergency services rushed to the scene on Royston Road, 
, after reports that a car ploughed into cyclists.
Police confirmed that a 37-year-old man was arrested for  dangerous driving after the horror incident.
It was reported that the driver of a red Volkswagen Golf failed to stop at the scene. 
Cops said the motor was later found abandoned in Bleak Avenue in Shafton.
Police are also looking for another man in connection with the late night crash.
A police spokesperson said: "Officers in our Roads Policing Group are appealing for information following a collision in Barnsley yesterday that resulted in the death of two men.
"Emergency services were called to Royston Road, Cudworth at 9:07pm, to reports of a collision between a car and two cyclists.
"Upon arrival, both cyclists were pronounced dead at the scene. Officers are working to formally identify them. The car involved, believed to be a red Volkswagen Golf, failed to stop at the scene, and was later found abandoned in Bleak Avenue, Shafton.
"A 37-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving. 
"We are appealing for anyone who witnessed the incident or who was driving in the area at the time and may have seen the Volkswagen Golf or cyclists to get in touch.
"We are particularly keen to hear from those with dash-cam footage." 
Cops added that any witnesses who want to stay anonymous can pass on what they know by contacting the independent charity Crimestoppers. 
Anyone with information can call their UK Contact Centre on freephone 0800 555 111 or complete a simple and secure anonymous online form at Crimestoppers-uk.org.
 Liam Smith WINS after incredible shot sees Chris Eubank Jr hit deck
 Maya Jama hit with legal demand for $1million diamond ring from ex-fiancé
 Liam Smith STOPS Chris Eubank Jr in fourth round of heated Battle of Britain
 Prince Andrew plotting sensational bid to overturn £3m settlement with accuser
&copy