Author: Lucretia Munroe
EASTENDERS actress Natalie Cassidy was praised by fans for proudly showing off her natural beauty when she posted a make-up free video.
, who became a household name following her role as Sonia Fowler in
, took to social media to speak to fans, as she started training for this year's 
.
Natalie, who first shot to fame in 1993, told fans: "I've just ran five miles. I'm not going to be one of those people this year who is like 'hi guys so good to get out running'."
She added: "We all know it's good to get out walking, running or whatever but I am proud of myself today because I've only been doing 5k's and today I did the five miles. I'm training for the Marathon."
 first ran the London Marathon in 2019 in a bid to raise awareness and money for dementia in honor of her former 
, who was diagnosed in 2014 with the heartbreaking disease.
She continued: "Yes I am doing it again. Look at me, I look like I'm going to have a heart attack. I'd love to be one of those people who didn't go red but yeah, I always look like I'm going to have a heart attack after about 5k."
But fans were quick to reassure the soap star of how amazing she looked while praising her for her ardent efforts.
One fan said: "Well done. I wish I could run for 5 mins let alone 5 miles!!"
Another added: "Remember, you don't sweat you sparkle. Well done."
And another fan added: "Well done, you are so so natural."
Barbara, who rapidly became the nation's sweetheart following her Carry On films, tragically died in 2020 from the disease, aged 83.
So it's no surprise that Natalie still feels compelled to complete the gruelling run in a few months, as the pair were incredibly close.
Back in 2019, Natalie was joined by other cast members including 
, who played Ian Beale and 
, who played lothario Max Branning."
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy