Author: Lucy Murgatroyd
LOVE Island viewers have spotted an attraction between Tanyel Revan and Ron Hall in a very sexy Unseen Bits clip after confusion over the recoupling ceremony.
On Friday night fans of the ITV2 dating show were left stunned when the hairstylist, 26, decided to couple up with the hunky financial advisor, 25.
Although the pair had a brief chat earlier in the week about being attracted to each other, in recent days 
made it clear he wanted to focus all his energy on 
, 25.
So some viewers were left scratching their heads when 
picked Ron, when she could have also chosen 
, 23, or
, 24.
However a clip aired during yesterday's instalment of Love Island: Unseen Bits seems to have made Tanyel's decision a little clearer.
In a game or truth or dare right at the start of the week, Ron had to suck the finger of the "fittest Islander" - and he picked Tanyel.
Tanyel said in the Beach Hut: "Ron really really sucked on my finger, I feel like he was literally looking into my soul!"
So now Love Island fans understand Tanyel's recent choice at the recoupling. 
One wrote on Twitter: "I now see why tanyel chose Ron."
Another added in: "Ron picked Tanyel as ‘fittest in the villa’ so Lana cant even be mad she picked him!"
"ok so now i see why Tanyel chose Ron," a third chimed in.
Another previously said of her decision: "Omg I don’t understand Tanyel!!! Choosing Ron instead of a friendship couple with Will. Why does she want a double pie?"
Meanwhile bombshell 
had chosen to couple up with Tom, 
 picked 
 and 
 plumped for Haris.
Tanya picked Shaq, saying it would be "a shame to see him go", leaving Lana to choose between Will and David and she went for the hilarious farmer.
It resulted in 
 the new series.
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 ITV 'axes' quiz show after first series
&copy