Author: Jill Robinson
A WINTERWATCH host left viewers blushing with a very rude joke about a 'mesmerising' co-star. 
This week, the 
 team have been broadcasting from Wild Ken Hill in Norfolk and Edinburgh. 
On Wednesdays show, Chris Packham and Michaela Strachan featured a segment about beavers. 
The animals name often draws sniggers from viewers at home, and this time was no exception as Iolo said to them as he took over from his location: "I’ve been mesmerised by your beaver.”
The double entendres keep viewers thoroughly entertained, and Twitter soon filled up with comments about the latest one. 
One wrote: "Winterwatch innuendo bingo this evening. @YoloBirder wins with mesmerised by your beaver’.”
Another added: "Just fell off the sofa after hearing Iolo Williams on #Winterwatch state he was `Mesmerised by your Beaver’.”
Even the official account of the Wildfowl and Wetlands Trust commented: “‘I’ve been mesmerised by your beaver’. Where’s @NoContxtWatches when you need them?"
A beaver comment had 
 last year too. 
The BBC Two show saw Michaela hoping for "lots of beaver action over the weekend".
This was then followed by Chris signing off by saying "So, see you next Tuesday!".
It didn't take long for viewers to notice the rude double meanings, and they headed straight to Twitter to discuss.
Loose Women panellist Denise Welch was one of the first to comment.
The star wrote: "There’s going to be a lot of beaver action next week. So, see you next Tuesday’!! Brilliant. #Winterwatch"
She wasn't the only one, as another fan wrote: "Did I really just hear @ChrisGPackham say on #Winterwatch about ‘beaver action at the weekend’ and signed off with ‘C U Next Tuesday’ ?!"
 Rubbish revealed as snooker star on Masked Singer & fans guess who Pigeon is
 I tried to take my own life twice after end of my marriage, says Rylan Clark
 The Masked Singer fans in shock as Rubbish is unmasked as Scottish sportsman
 John Fashanu 'signed up for DOI in secret & cut agent daughter out of deal'
&copy