Author: Hope Brotherton
HOLIDAY experts Vrbo have revealed when Brits should book their summer staycation by to avoid losing out on the best deals. 
To combat the 
 holidaymakers often think about their summer adventure at the start of the year. 
But according to holiday home giant 
, Brits dreaming about their staycation should aim to secure deals sooner rather than later. 
Vrbo has unveiled several key dates that holidaymakers should have in their diaries. 
The travel experts have advised Brits to book their 
 breaks by February 9, and summer holidays before May 30.  
A spokesperson for Vrbo said: "There’s nothing worse than finding the 
 or the dreamy villa with an infinity pool, only to then realise that it’s already been booked for the dates you want to go away with your friends and family. 
"That’s why we advise that travellers add these book-by dates to their calendar: to make sure they get the best holiday home for their trips in 2023." 
In addition to the Easter and 
, Vrbo has also pinpointed other booking dates for peak season stays. 
For Brits who are planning a short break during one of the three 
, bookings should be made by April 3 for the best deals. 
Travellers are also being advised to book getaways for the 
 by August 14, while those who staycation over Christmas should aim to have their winter breaks booked by October 30. 
According to Vrbo, holidaymakers who plan their trip ahead of booking surges will have a better chance of choosing between the 
. 
Organised Brits who book breaks before the deadline days will also 
 by snapping up the best value-for-money deals.  
Bargain-hunting Brits should also be flexible with their choice of destination and take advantage of 
. 
Meanwhile, 
 will help you save money on your summer holidays.
And this holidaymaker revealed a 
 she cuts costs while on trips abroad.
 Inside ‘world’s most beautiful McDonalds’ with stain glass windows & chandelier
 Why you should always pack a golf ball in your suitcase - even if you don’t play
 UK seaside town in new Hollywood film is so cool that Americans are moving there
 The cheap UK break with activities included - for under £100 each a night
&copy